 11 are captured in Cadereyta 
 2011 is a year that will be remembered in the economic history of Sinaloa, being related to the first year of Mario Lopez Valdez government also called the year of change, which generated great expectations as regards the development of the economy, but given the climatic adversity of the beginning of the year, there was no growth, however there was registered a decline in the main indicators of economic development. 
 21er Haus in Vienna 
 25-year-old seriously injured in a car accident 
 40-year-old seriously injured during robbery 
 43 percent would recommend leaving the bank, 49 percent said they would think about closing their account and switching to a different bank. 
 4.5 metre high valves form the gas exit. 
 630 shares finished up, 1913 down and 82 unchanged on the Nasdaq on turnover of 1.38 billion shares. 
 719 shares rose, 2281 fell and 79 remained unchanged. 
 A 21-year-old drunk driver was seriously injured early on Tuesday morning on Märkische Allee in Berlin-Marzahn. 
 A 46-year-old male cyclist was knocked down and seriously injured by a car in Berlin-Kreuzberg late on Sunday evening. 
 A 52-year-old woman was critically injured in Berlin-Lichtenberg on Monday after falling over in a tram. 
 A 61-year-old female cyclist was knocked down and seriously injured by a car in Berlin-Mitte on Monday. 
 A 72-year-old driver drove into her as he was turning off. 
 A bank was created that was already too big for small Switzerland when the merger was agreed - and a bank that continued to grow. 
 About 10 people in the epicenter of the encampment locked themselves together by their arms. 
 About 28 people were on the northern perimeter. 
 A Cali lophoscopist entered into history as the man who confirmed the death of "Alfonso Cano. 
 A car was burnt out early on Monday morning on Dregerhoffstrasse in Berlin-Köpenick. 
 Accompanied by a Galtonian magnifying glass, ink, a paddle and a flashlight, Eliazar compared the fingerprints of the corpse with those of the card. 
 According to a draft of the complaint obtained by The New York Times, the union has zeroed in on the number of layoffs at schools in poor parts of the city to support a claim of inequitable treatment, saying poor schools lost more aides because they had been chronically underfinanced. 
 According to brokers,it fell after the party of the chancellor Angela Merkel, the CDU meeting on Monday adopted a motion, envisaging, in particular, the possibility of a country in difficulty leaving the Eurozone without also leaving the European Union. 
 According to Buffett, he should have realised much earlier that IBM primarily offers services and purchases computer systems for the IT departments of other companies. 
 According to ISIS drawing largely on AIEA documents, M. Danilenko, born in 1934, worked for 30 years from the 'sixties onward, in a Soviet military nuclear centre in Tcheliabinsk (Ural), and was involved in the manufacture by explosion of synthetic diamonds. 
 According to l'Institut de Recherche et de Documentation en Economie de la Santé,the daily compensation expenditure in 2008 at 11,3 thousand million Euros, was 5% of total health expenditure. 
 According to Radio France Internationale (RFI), two numbers interest the investigators in particular; one leads to a Nigerian who lived for a long time in Maiduguri, a town in Northern Nigeria,the cradle of Boko Haram and the other to a man said to be close to Aqmi and to the sect. 
 According to SPIEGEL ONLINE, Josef Ackermann has given a working group the task of investigating the consequences of speculation for the poor around the world. 
 According to the aviation regulations the flight was conducted under visual flight rules, this means that the crew must have visibility during the flight and the ground. 
 According to the Caisse nationale d'assurance maladie (CNAM), over 237 million Euros of daily compensation were paid in 2006. 
 According to the data obtained there, the three persons were killed in another place, since there were no cases on the site. 
 According to the data transmitted by the PERP the difference between the first and second place in the gubernatorial election is of only 27 percent, even without counting the votes corresponding to 879 of the total of 6.074 minutes. 
 According to the family the last wish of the Lieutenant Colonel was his ashes to be spread in the mountains of Zapalinamé. 
 According to the local media, Mujica seeks to get Calderon's support for Uruguay in the incident with France that arose when the French President Nicolas Sarkozy, included the South American country on a list of tax havens at the G20 meeting in the French city of Cannes. 
 According to the record AP/SIN/CLN/687/2010/MI, Valenzuela Sandoval was arrested by the Mexican Army, the 7th of June 2010, in a surveillance operation on the street Cipriano Valdez, in front of the post 80 in the town of El Castillo, Navolato. 
 According to these figures, the total number of cases of violence against Moslems moved from 107 in 2009 to 160 in 2010, equal to an increase of 49%, as against an increase of 13% of cases of violence against Catholics, a fall of 4% of attacks on Jews and a global increase of 14% in anti-religious crimes. 
 Ackermann's sensitive response is at first surprising, but then the CEO would like to present a perfect image just a few months before the end of his term in office. 
 Ackermann working on his image 
 A combination of deterring birds from sensitive residential areas and offering incentives for them to move back to other areas would be an option. 
 A control platform was provided on the level of Sweden, but the project managers abandoned it since the Swedes were not keen on seeing a Russian State company becoming permanently on its shores. 
 A controversial project to cull crows in Leer was behind negative headlines in 2005. 
 A core group of protesters took up positions close to the encampment's kitchen area, near the center of the park. 
 A courageous bystander leapt to help girls being bothered at Gesundbrunnen underground station and was beaten up. 
 Across the Capitol, the House is to vote this week on a constitutional amendment requiring a balanced budget, a top legislative priority of nearly every congressional Republican and some Democrats. 
 ADB urges Asia to help rescue eurozone 
 A dip in the thermal pool in such a palace is clearly of secondary importance. 
 A district heating pipe and a power supply line were also affected by the fire. 
 Administrators at Penn State have been charged with perjury for allegedly covering up reports that a retired football coach was sexually assaulting boys. 
 A door refers to the idea of the park, no doubt. 
 A driver fled after a serious accident in Lichtenberg on Saturday night without helping his wounded passenger. 
 A drunken father verbally abused and then hit a female tram driver on Friday evening in front of his four-year-old son. 
 A female passer-by called the police from her mobile. 
 A female pedestrian in Schwedt has been shot with an air rifle from a balcony. 
 A female tram driver was able to brake in time and saw the driver flee. 
 A few months later, UBS capitulated in the tax dispute with the USA and declared that it was prepared to hand over the data of wealthy clients who had potentially avoided paying tax with the help of the bank. 
 A few of these people will become heroes. 
 A few will become prisoners of war, or lose limbs, go mad or die. 
 A fingerprint expert of CTI explained that in objects "footprints are drawn with chemical or physical reagents." 
 A fire broke out in a construction pit in the embassy quarter of Tiergarten on Saturday. 
 A fire broke out in Kino Cubix on Alexanderplatz on Sunday night. 
 A first estimate in respect of the whole Eurozone is expected at 11 a.m, the European Commission having warned against the risk of a new recession. 
 A flurry of flashing cameras, screaming fans and beaming Twilight stars. Thousands of curious onlookers gathered on the black-coloured carpet in front of the Nokia theatre in Los Angeles at the world premiere of Breaking Dawn Part 1. 
 A foreign currency assurance was essential for travels to the West. It was not granted to politically unreliable people, who were not allowed to travel at all. 
 After a brief rest at the end of last week, when it became clear that Berlusconi would resign, the Italian debt costs have now reached critical levels between uncertainties about whether the new prime minister will succeed. 
 "After a decrease in 2009, it is disturbing to see these crimes increasing again, stressed the rights of man organisation, Human Rights First, "the increase of cases of anti-Moslem violence is particularly significant," added the organisation in a communiqué. 
 After a failed defence by goalie Pavel Londak, Ward was on the spot and pushed the ball over the line to bring the score to 1:0. 
 After allowances, the UMP and the government are launching an offensive against sick leave. 
 After all, the balance sheet total for UBS in 2007 was more than five times the economic output of Switzerland (see chart). 
 After assist with Jágr, he scored the third goal; consequently, his shot was touched into a fourth goal by Wayne Simmonds. 
 After four hours before the Agent of the Public Ministry for Heritage Crimes, he was transferred to the Temporary Jail, located in the Old Neighborhood of the state capital. 
 After half-time, the crossbar saved the Czechs" already battered world-class goalie after the forward from FC Seoul retreated in the 50th minute. 
 After having long fought this proposal by specialists and of Jacques Delors, the whole world now calls for a European economic government. 
 After her husband, Josef Rychtář (53), became both the bodyguard and lover of Iveta Bartošová (45), Darina still hoped he would wake up and come back home. 
 After his spectacular departure from the head of the Federal bank, it was announced in July that he would be starting an almost equally spectacular new job in 2013: Chairman of the Board of Directors of the major Swiss bank UBS - an unexpected and lucrative career move. 
 After receiving a tribute together with the other persons who died in the accident, the family of Bacio Cortes returned to the capital of Coahuila on the board of an aircraft of the Mexican Air Force, the closest people attended the ceremony at the Campo Marte. 
 After spending 72 days in jail, Manuel Jonas Larrazabal will be free after the legal representative of the Red Casino granted him forgiveness before the Second Criminal Court District, which follows a process of blackmail against the brother of the mayor of Monterrey. 
 After that, the prints are sent to Asif, which is the criminal database, or at the Registry. 
 After the bombing of Casino Royale, Red Casino owner, Sergio Gil Garcia, made ​​public a series of photographs and videos where allegedly Manuel Jonas required him to pay an economic fee so that the city hall of Monterrey allows the clandestine operation of the bet house. 
 After the cash draw was handed over, the robber fled unrecognised and with an unknown amount of money. 
 After the hearing of the legal representative of the bookmarkers, at almost 15:50 it was ordered the immediate release of Larrazabal Breton. 
 After the match, Jágr told the overseas journalists he had predicted a great evening for Giroux. 
 After the public condemnation, the State General Attorney opened a criminal case against the mayor's brother and on September 2nd, he was arrested and imprisoned for 30 days. 
 After this summer's tragedy, researchers wanted to find out more about these people. 
 After three consecutive quarters of declines, the Gross Domestic Product data between July and September helped to turn the page, definitely: GDP increased by 1.5% compared to the previous quarter and by 6% in annualized rate. 
 against oncoming traffic! 
 Against the backdrop of economic downturn, the state government asked in July during the state congress, the approval of a credit of 3 billion pesos, which would be for the investment in infrastructure projects in 18 municipalities, in order to reactivate the economy, the local congressional approval was for a total of 2.600 million pesos, and until November no benefits of the debt were observed in any sector of the state economy. 
 Again, the profile is interconnected with an on-line Autolog function, which, among other things, compares the results you have reached with those of other players, and ensures community functions. 
 Again, we can see the importance of the environment and models surrounding a human being for his or her healthy development. 
 A German is now to bring it back in line. 
 A glance at recent headlines indicates just how serious and pervasive deceit and lying are in daily life. 
 Agnes Husslein-Arco who became the new director of the Austrian Galerie Belvedere in 2007 was instrumental in the new beginning. 
 A good idea, provided that it will, prove realistic this time. 
 A good quarter of an hour later, Nani displayed his long-range abilities, raising the lead to 2:0 from the 25 metre line. 
 A good stylist can work with a single piece of clothing in different ways. 
 A great paradox of the socialistic period was that citizens of the socialist block (i.e. Czechoslovaks too) were not allowed free individual travel within the socialist countries. 
 A great paradox we do not realise anymore is that until 1989, we could not freely visit the currently most popular Croatia, as it was part of former Yugoslavia. 
 Agricultural commodities speculation 
 Aguinaga said that in his opinion Fujimori would be a candidate for getting the benefit of pardon on humanitarian grounds; however, he said he did not want this because he knows he is innocent. 
 A heavy revolving door opens onto the UBS reception. 
 "A hundred had to be removed or destroyed as a precaution," says Jens Müller, spokesman of North Stream company. 
 A hungry dog is believed to have started a fire in an apartment in Brandenburg/Havel. 
 AICM reports were indicating suitable conditions for taking off as the aircraft moved towards the border area between Mexico City and Mexico State there were layers of clouds at low altitudes. 
 Alhambra in the Black Forest 
 All attended with the goal of moving toward closure. 
 All four birds used the wire to form a hook and used the hook to fish the bucket out of the tube by its handle. 
 All it took was for the revolt to succeed, longtime dictator Moammar Gaddafi to be captured and killed and American involvement to end. 
 "All passionate stirring will calm down with today's prospective advance of the national team into the European Championship." 
 All the more so, since opposite are Mathieu (Debuchy), Yohan (Cabaye) and Adil (Rami) ," he recalls. 
 All this explains the broad smiles on the faces of the heads of Gazprom, present in large numbers at Lubmin, the point of arrival of the gas. 
 All this under the strict supervision of the monument authority and with a limited budget. 
 "All those years in NHL, my team-mates tried to assist me, and now its reversing," Jágr added. 
 Almost near the centennial number is Carles Puyol, with 97 games. 
 Almost no one understands what's happening, even why this war is to be fought. 
 Along with Michael Buble and other prominent Canadians, she will appear on the television program "It's a Russell Peters Christmas" on December 1st 
 Along with the experienced back, the Candiens lost their two-goal lead and lost 2:3 after a penalty shoot-out. 
 A lot is in the game: Government grants; football trustworthiness; and the planned ČSTV general meeting dealing with new direction of Czech sports following Sazka's financial problems. 
 "A lot of people died," Giffords told Sawyer. 
 A lot of thermal baths smell of sulphur. The Árpád baths in Békescsaba, Hungary, smell so strongly of oil you may find it difficult to believe you are in a health spa. 
 Also he will notify him about the immediate release order issued by the judge. 
 Also, I think you can be a happy person and still be able to make music that is dark. 
 Also, pay attention to your subject's language. 
 Also yesterday, the members of the police evacuated a building in Nou Barris. 
 Although in both she looked confident, it was noted that she lacked the strength and energy that Magdalena and Atlántico representatives did show. 
 Although the German model based on renewable energies is sometimes quoted as an example, the reality contradicts that argument. 
 Although the player will find new movements, the surroundings, costumes and enemies and also a "playable" Luigi. 
 Although there is a commitment of the state authorities to comply with the delivery of these resources, he said that the request was made ​​to the Secretary of Administration and Finance, Armando Villarreal, to speed up the efforts so that the percentages that correspond to them to come as quickly as possible. 
 Although this does not guarantee that it was the murderer, it places him it in the murder scene. 
 A majority of women are not perfectly symmetrical. 
 A male driver has been seriously injured in the Potsdam-Mittelmark district in a head-on collision with a lorry. 
 A male wheelchair user has been seriously injured crossing a road in Schwedt. 
 A man was driving a stolen car in Charlottenburg at night. 
 A minor contrast to Costa Rica, comparing the 22 players called by both countries for the friendly game today, at 3:05 pm at the National Stadium in San Jose. 
 A minority of four ministers, including the President of the Court, Juan Silva Meza, considered that President Felipe Calderon did not exceed his authority by issuing a decree detailing the actions to take in order to achieve the transition to the digital terrestrial television. 
 Among the launched hypotheses it is said that Valley got burned by favoritism. 
 Among the most superficial layers is the asphalt, composed of small stones dipped into the asphalt and then compacted. 
 An 18-year-old who had shown conspicuous interest in the fire-fighting operation was initially arrested. 
 Analysis of the factors that affected Serna Melina Ramirez for not getting the crown of Miss Colombia. 
 Anand Sharma, India's minister of trade, said that "India will do whatever it can" to help the eurozone as its own economy was now suffering falling exports and a drying up of foreign capital inflows. 
 An architectural history with highs, lows and a happy-ever-after. Austria's Pavilion for the 1958 World's Fair in Brussels won prizes, became a museum in Vienna, stood empty and was abandoned. 
 An armed man held up a chemist's on Bundesallee in Berlin-Friedenau on Monday evening. 
 An average, which conceals certain divergences; another inquiry published in 2007 by the Monster.com career management site, showed that 75% of the 40 000 French employees questioned said that they had not taken any days of sick leave. 
 And 86% of them end by dying in hospital 
 Anders Behring Breivik, the man who confessed to masterminding twin attacks that killed 77 people in Norway this summer, has described himself as a "resistance" fighter during his first public court appearance in Oslo. 
 And for you all, please read a little bit, 'The Little Prince' it is a great book " 
 And further, understands that the proximity of the mountain with the city is the pass that allows architects to enter the debate, but "he doubts" about whether this technical profile is the one that should lead multidisciplinary teams ("a success," he points) that have had to create: "The architects should be only a tool." 
 And he will take on the role of Chairman of the Board in May, and not in 2013, the bank announced on Tuesday. 
 And if someone finally lets us create their styling, then we should expect them to give us different (smaller) size than what they really wear. 
 And in arguing that it is necessary to reconstruct America economically to revive its leadership, Obama is right. 
 And incredibly thoughtful. 
 And indeed, the perspectives are not encouraging. 
 and invested in a freight railway, for example, a lubricant manufacturer and a machine manufacturer. 
 And it is really the fourth quarter, which most disquiets the economists. 
 And it's nothing that runs afoul of ethics rules. 
 And just as things had calmed down and UBS looked like it would start to turn things around, along came a disastrous rogue trader. A single trader gambled away 1.7 billion Euros before the bank noticed something was wrong. 
 And more is yet to come. 
 And Panetta said that some of the biggest defense projects could face the ax, including those already being tested and some just in early stages of planning. 
 And she described the father of this tool as an "admirable idealist of the universal cause of the fight against poverty," whose work is known for 15 years, when the Queen went to Bangladesh to find out in the field the policy of loans. 
 And so we were sticking away. 
 And swimming baths can be a real treat for the eyes if the builders have gone to the trouble. "You have the surface of the water in pools instead of a floor." 
 And that was noted in her first appearance in swimsuit on the beach of Hilton and during her two shows at the evening coronation. 
 And the cinema hall is exactly as it used to be. 
 And the legalisation of euthanasia would not result in sending a message that the life of aged or handicapped persons had less value. 
 And then again, no one who lived through it will ever forget the media circus President Bill Clinton unleashed by lying during his second term in office about his sexual involvement with Monica Lewinsky. 
 And then, her first word: "What." 
 And the possibility of constructing a third pipeline of the same course is already under discussion. 
 And therefore represented 2,5% of health-related expenditure. 
 And this fact gives rise precisely to one of the few similarities between what three architects of Barcelona are saying and the academics, which have been presented. 
 And Thomas" wife, Ginni, is a high-profile conservative activist. 
 And two people chained themselves to trees, Mr. Kelly said. 
 And you're going to get through this, and you're going to recover and you're going to come back stronger than ever. 
 A new tab "activity" and another "name" make it possible to follow more legibly and directly the activity of other "Twitters," the internet navigators whose messages are monitored ("tweets") and of those who monitor you. 
 A New York family claims that disco diva Patti LaBelle launched into a rampage in the lobby of their Manhattan building, terrifying their toddler daughter to the point where she threw up in fear. 
 A nod of the head. 
 An official delegation headed by the Uruguayan President José Mujica, and composed of several ministers and businessmen, will begin this Tuesday a visit to Mexico in order to expand trade between the two countries and to approach political issues in the region. 
 An originally carefree ride turned into a routine morning drive to work because of a series of completely superfluous and sloppy mistakes. 
 Another firm that sponsored the dinner, Jones Day, represents one of the trade associations that challenged the law, the National Federation of Independent Business. 
 Another hypothesis is that Valley failed to convince the jury about her interest in social work, which is ultimately the essence of the National Beauty Contest. 
 Another important moment was the introduction of freely convertible Czech Crown. After decades, our tourists thus finally able to freely buy Western currencies. 
 Another option is rolling up the sleeves or collar, and the entire look changes completely. 
 Another part of the survey allowed selected children (204 boys and 172 girls from 13 schools) to compose their own menu based on selection offered and their taste and opinions. 
 Another study showed that strangers lied three times within the first 10 minutes of meeting each other. 
 Another study, this time concerning sickness insurances, states that in 2010, 37% of sick leave lasted less than 8 days,15% 15 days to one month, 15% from one to three months and 11% lasted longer. 
 Anti-Moslem crimes have increased by 50% 
 Any blockage or delay in their efforts could lead to a new and devastating attack on the financial markets. 
 Any head of the major bank now has an almost impossible job. 
 A package of 24 programs to boost employment, reform of the disciplinary code of civil servants and new measures against tax evasion will be the first initiatives. 
 A PAN mayor was assassinated a week before the election as he campaigned for Luisa Maria Calderon, and numerous candidates quit local races out of fear. 
 A police pursuit began. 
 A police spokesman said there is no connection between the woman and the suspects. 
 A police spokeswoman said a 34-year-old man attempted to put the fire out. 
 A positive effect on wages 
 Appearing on ABC News's "20/20" with Diane Sawyer, Giffords struggled to formed sentences and needed help walking. 
 A price, which a large majority of the French refuse to pay, all the more so, since they do not object to this form of energy in principle. 
 A pucker of the lips. 
 A quick rundown of seven notable Lost Interview sequences: 
 Architecture like this is "always in the wrong place" and nonetheless wants to "stimulate a real awareness." 
 A recent study by Dr. Megan Moreno of the University of Wisconsin, Madison and her colleagues found that undergraduates who discussed their drunken exploits on Facebook were significantly more at risk for problem drinking than students who were silent on the topic. 
 "A red flag went up," Lyman says. 
 A response that the jury did not like due to the term "culturalization' and second of all for not specifically explaining how each of the cited books have marked her. 
 "Are you still attracted to me?" 
 Arguments concerning the election rules continue, though. 
 Ariel Osorio, a journalist of the program "Like home', of the RCN channel said that the fact that Melina was designated as princess "means that the candidate who more awards wins during the competition is not the queen." 
 Armed man holds up chemist's in Friedenau 
 Around 30 survivors and victims" relatives attended the hearing. 
 Around 5 a.m., south of Pine Street, one protester jumped on the hood of a police car, and others were seen releasing the air from the tires of a police van. 
 Around 710 million shares changed hands on the New York stock exchange. 
 A Russian scientist, Vycheslav Danilenko, assisted Iran to develop a detonator usable with a nuclear weapon, confirmed on Monday an American agency specialising in the field of atomic hazard. 
 As a bassist, what are your influences? 
 As already in Zenica, the Portuguese would plan to exert maximal pressure on the Bosnians from the start, to "give them no time to think." 
 As a recent research shows, obese children usually come from families with unhealthy lifestyle. 
 As a result, most of the conversations about pity take place quietly and privately among combat veterans. 
 As eager as members have been to offer amendments, they're not moving at any faster pace than in past years. 
 A second before the first break, a home player, Patrick Dwyer, narrowed the lead in a power-play, but the beginning of the second part was led by Flyers again. 
 A second pipeline is due to be ready by the end of 2012, making it possible to deliver a total of 55 thousand million cubic metres of gas, the equivalent of the entire French consumption. 
 A senior military officer at the gala, also attended by the Joint Chiefs then-chairman, Adm. Mike Mullen, saw the troops" role differently. 
 A seven-year-old boy was knocked down and seriously injured by a car on Tegeler Strasse in Berlin-Wedding on Sunday evening. 
 "As far as they were concerned, it was just between them and their friends." 
 Ashutosh Varshney, a professor at Brown University in the US, said it would be politically very difficult to sell assistance to Europe to India's 1.2bn people, of whom as many as 800m live on about $2 a day or less. 
 "Asia may be shielded to some extent but it cannot be immune." 
 Aside from the obvious things, such as scissors, a sticky roller, or safety pins, it should have a nylon thread (for the stylist to use when taking pictures of products such as purses or hats), special clip-ons for holding the clothes in the back in case it is too large (pins and similar things are forbidden as they damage the clothes), or a sewing set. 
 A significant shortcoming of the game is the fact that the same things often happen in the same places. 
 As in other cases, the effects of the announcement appear a little disproportionate to the reality of medical certificate-related fraud. 
 Asked by Sawyer how she feels, Giffords, 41, responded, "Pretty good." 
 As markets continue their siege of the peripheral countries of the EU, the Government of Yoshihiko Noda does not lower the guard. 
 A solution to the problem birds, however, is far from within reach. 
 A spokesman for the European Commissioner, Olli Rehn. stressed that "regardless of a new government, our diagnostic of the Italian economy has not changed." 
 "As President, I'd like to focus on football as a whole." 
 "Assisted suicide is practised in Canada, where it is clearly illegal, explains Jocelyn Downie. 
 Assists of Jágr and Voráček Helped Philadelphia's Victory 
 As the ambassadress said, both the presidency and the following financial crisis caused an ongoing stirring. 
 As the community affairs officers moved into the park in their light-blue windbreakers, many protesters simply gathered their belongings and left. 
 As the economists Ian Goldin and Geoffrey Cameron, remind us in a recent book summarising the most recent knowledge of immigration (Exceptional People: How Migration Shaped Our World and Will Define Our Future, mai 2011, Princeton University Press, 352 pp.), there is wide consensus among specialists on the positive impact of migration flows on economic growth, wages and employment in countries, which admit immigrants. 
 As the main dish for lunch, pasta won very tightly over poultry. 
 As the police moved west through the dense tangle of protesters" personal belongings, including luggage and plastic lawn and leaf bags stuffed with clothing, crews from the Sanitation Department followed, scooping up what was left behind. 
 As the Presidential fight has been joined by Pilsen club Manager, Tomáš Paclík, Rajchl does not dare to estimate his chances to win. 
 As top bank lobbyist, Ackermann has a particular duty, according to Bode. 
 As travelling to the West was strictly limited, travel agencies of the time mostly sold tours to the socialist block countries. 
 A study carried out in April by the association IMS-Entreprendre pour la Cité showed that the managers questioned had a low level of knowledge of handicap," with an "over-representation of persons in wheelchairs, psychically or intellectually deficient persons." 
 A stylist does not just dress physical people, but creates product pages in magazines (based on specific instructions, for example, trendy purses, coats, etc.). 
 A stylist, Honza Pokorný; a fashion designer, Jakub Polanka; and a fashion photographer, Ben Renč. 
 A Stylist Must Also Be a Good Psychologist, Professionals Claim 
 A stylist needs general knowledge 
 A success, which aroused envy; in the autumn of 2006, Modo Modo was bought by the investment fund SG Capital Europe, now Syntegra Capital, to write a new page in the history of Moleskine. 
 A survey has shown that fries are consumed more often in the families of obese children. 
 As various members of the Catholic hierarchy were summoned in the middle of the night to talk to the American diplomat, the two burst into giggles just before the Pope himself was roused to come answer the phone. 
 As we have grown, it has been easier to find a balance. 
 As we have never played there before, then we have no restrictions on what we can do. 
 At 18:05 the remains of Bacio Cortés (cremated), a citizen of Saltillo arrived to be given by the funeral home to members of the Mexican Air Force, led by Major James Martinez, on the esplanade of the training school, where he was already expected by his family, including his daughter Amanda and his wife Cristina, her mother, brothers and other relatives, students and teachers. 
 At 5:30 in the afternoon he received the reconnaissance of the Technological Institute of Saltillo organized by his former high school classmates and the football team, that Felipe Bacio was a part of, during his high school preparation. 
 At almost one meter there was the body of another individual with red shirt and blue jeans. 
 At a news conference last week, the secretary of defense painted a bleak picture of what could lie ahead -- a military with a shell but no core. 
 At a press conference, Colom said that his decision is according to the independence of judiciary and executive powers, taking into account that a trial court had already ordered the extradition. 
 At first, your music had a darker content, and now has become more positive. 
 At four different points during the interview, there are major gaps between questions and answers - 10 to 15-second ruminations, where Jobs is clearly weighing his thoughts, aiming for precision. 
 Athens feeds back the doubts 
 At noon the ashes of the Lieutenant Colonel arrived at the chapel located on the boulevard Nazario Ortiz Garza, where family and friends were coming. 
 At one point, several officers, many with shields, were seen pushing people farther out. 
 At other times you meet civilian cars at a given place in the very same configuration, no matter if you come first, fifth, five seconds earlier, or one minute later. 
 A trained lie spotter can get to the truth by learning about statement structure, facial micro-expressions, question formation and timing. 
 At several points in the interview, Jobs talks about inventing new products on the fly. 
 At Tchernobyl, the design of the reactor and unforgivable human error brought about the drama. 
 At the age of 12, on the hunt for spare parts to build a frequency counter, he looked up Bill Hewlett in the phone book and gave him a call. 
 At the beginning of his career, Gonzalez worked in municipalities of Chocó, where he often had to go for more than five days in the jungle to reach the place where there were the bodies that should be identified. 
 At the ministers" meeting there was also decided to reject the claim filed by the Chamber of Deputies, without entering into the discussion of the project, also in charge of the minister Sánchez Cordero. 
 At the most critical point of the debate, Warsaw did not hesitate to compare North Stream new "German-Soviet pact," referring to the alliance between Hitler and Stalin to occupy Poland in 1939. 
 At the outset, the experts cite a recent inquiry by the Economist Intelligence Unit, which compared the quality of death in 40 countries worldwide. 
 At the press conference, the owner of the SCT, Perez Jacome, listed six important elements in the investigation: 
 At the same time, UBS lost something that had always been its advantage when competing for rich clients - the fog of secrecy. 
 At the time, travel agencies would offer some trips to the West, but one either had to stand in a line overnight, with a sleeping bag or have some "good friends" in the agency. 
 At Tuesday noon, students' prayers in front of the building were followed by their chanting of death to both the USA and Israel. 
 At Tuesday noon, students' prayers in front of the entrance into Isfahan Uranium Conversion Facility were followed by their chanting of death to both the USA and Israel. 
 A typical feature of Czech tourism then was bringing their own food (cans, salami, etc.) to save money. 
 A UBS trader in London had bypassed all the bank's security systems and gambled away around 1.7 billion Euros. 
 Aureoles also refused to recognize the preliminary results. 
 Austria 
 Austria's pavilion, designed by Karl Schwanzer for the 1958 Brussels World's Fair, is a famous textbook example of modern post-war architecture with its clear shapes, glass halls, bold strokes and the new construction materials that expressed belief in technical progress. 
 Austria thus complies with a request from the Brussels summit of member-States of Eurozone on 26 October; the heads of State and government requested a reduction by the end of 2102 of public deficits and a return to balanced public accounts in the constitution or in a law to the same effect. 
 Awaiting the growth figures of Eurozone 
 A witness notified the police. 
 Axel Weber certainly had not imagined that would be his role. 
 Axel Weber was clearly delighted, praising Switzerland for its beauty and UBS for its newly won solidity and making some friendly remarks about his future colleagues. 
 Bacio Cortés died the past days when the helicopter he piloted collapsed, along with Secretary of the Provincial Government, José Francisco Blake Mora, and six others, all officials of this department. 
 Baffled by the way costs were recorded - often beginning with a "standard cost" that amounted to a blind guess, which was then adjusted with a "variance" - he developed an automated factory that ensured they could determine business costs down to the second. 
 Bank of America share certificates fell significantly more strongly than the market by 2.6 percent. 
 Banks are testing payment by mobile telephone 
 Based on the record 197/2011 legal pardon is granted to Jonas Larrazabal and thereafter there may not be made ​​any claim about the process that was intended against him; also no damage repair or punishment will be required. 
 Bayona suggests that the answer to the question that gives the title of this piece is complex, because the contest rules lack a global view of Collserola: "16 cross contests have been called -he says-on sea- mountain sense, but there is no longitudinal reading, to see and understand the area as a whole." 
 "Beat up but not beaten," Giffords speaks in first TV interview since shooting 
 Because it is by all working together, that Europeans will be able reduce the weight of their individual debts, to free themselves from the markets and to prepare for the future by investing in it. 
 Before facing the Blues on Tuesday evening (20.45 hrs) Eden Hazard and Georges Leekens did not hide the pleasure, which this friendly match gave to them. 
 Before it was released, the new version subtitled The Run created high expectations. 
 Before the Thursday negotiations in Nymburk, a Jablonec functionary remains an optimist and believes that the pre-election fight would be significantly suppressed by today's prospective success of our football representation. 
 "Before, when you tried to survey people from the British National Party, it would be very difficult to identify them." 
 Behavioural researchers at the University of Cambridge recently tested the extent of the birds" intelligence on four rooks. 
 "Believe me that when I meet someone from Poland and Hungary, and a Slovak is coming to join us, the Frenchman next to me says: "Hey, what's that gathering about, is that the Visegrad Group again?' and he is not happy about it in the slightest.' 
 Bella finally gets to marry her true love in part four. 
 Between 2009 and 2010, anti-Moslem crimes increase by almost 50%, whilst during the same period other forms of racial and religious violence had fallen slightly, or had not changed, according to FBI statistics published on Monday. 
 Between July and September, the economy of both the Eurozone and the European Union grew, compared to the previous quarter, by 0.2%, which corresponds with estimates by analysts. 
 Between quarters, the Czech economy stagnated; Germany and France are growing. 
 Between the quarters though, the GDP stagnated. According to the Czech Statistical Office, this confirmed the trend of a gradual slowing of economic growth. 
 "Big Blue," as IBM is also known, is worth more than 220 billion dollars on the stock exchange, making it one of the most valuable technology companies in the world alongside Apple and Microsoft. 
 Bloomberg said he gave the order to evacuate the square because it was becoming "a place where people did not come to protest, but to break the law and, in some cases, to do harm to others" as "Some businesses had received threats' and neighbors feared" for the quality of life." 
 Bode published the survey on Tuesday. The survey was conducted for the Forsa Institute for Social Research and Statistical Analysis on 7 and 8 November and 1001 people took part. 
 Boeing also sells six Boeing Dreamliners to Oman Air, a deal worth more than $1 billion. 
 Boeing gets record $18-billion jetliner order 
 Boeing over the weekend announced its biggest-ever order by dollar value for commercial airplanes - 50 twin-aisle Boeing 777 jets. 
 Bossing About 
 Both countries also adjusted their second quarter data, where Germany did better than expected (a 0.3% increase instead of the original 0.1%). France reported a slight decrease, by 0.1% (the original information suggested stagnation). 
 Both sides see immigrants as a burden on the French economy and on French society. 
 Both suffered head injuries. 
 Both teams found it difficult to join in the combination; the game remained around the mid-field line most of the time. 
 Boyish figures, on the other hand, can wear clothes with ruffling, appliqué, embroidery, or shirring. 
 Brand Story: 
 Bray explained that the response of the "angry persons" to the evacuation of the camp issued personally by the mayor of New York, Michael Bloomberg, came to court, where Judge Lucy Billings issued an order prohibiting the forced evacuation of the place and allowing the demonstrators to remain camped. 
 Briefly, all these are criteria which greatly complicate a return to employment and which constitute the nub of the problem," according to Christian Grapin, director-general of Tremplin, an association created in 1992 to help companies to recruit handicapped workers. 
 Buffett claims to have paid 170 dollars on average per share and now has a 5.5 percent stake. 
 Buffett had avoided technology firms to date. 
 Buffett, however, has said he is not planning to invest in Microsoft. 
 Burke also says that since February, she has been contacted by nearly 400 other survivors, many of whom could be part of future suits. 
 Burke says she is going after the military's top brass because the problem begins with them. 
 Burnt out car in Köpenick 
 But after the ceremony Melina said she was calm and happy with the result "the universe is wise it happens what it has to happen." 
 But assaults are notoriously underreported, and by the Pentagon's own estimate, that figure accounts for approximately 13.5 percent of the estimated 19,000 incidents that occurred that year. 
 But at the price of depriving Europe of energy, since the project has created a breach between eastern and western Europe. 
 But both the major Swiss banks, UBS and Credit Suisse, at some point ousted the Swiss banking concept - or betrayed it, as the head of one small Swiss private bank believes. 
 But by September it was already clear that everything would be very different. 
 But experience shows that in reality immigrants are much more complementary to, rather than replacements of, local labour, exercising trades in which there is a shortage of local labour. 
 'But he cannot manage the association.' 
 But how to find them? 
 But Huntsman, who is stagnating at the bottom of the polls, remains inaudible. 
 "But I need to know if it has any sense; and that I won't be surrounded by people throwing sticks under my feet and question my every move," he explained his hesitation. 
 But in something of a twist, "those who combine their online activism with offline activism are more reasonable, more democratic and less violent than those who just remain behind the computer screen." 
 But it is only rarely analysed from the economic viewpoint. 
 "But it is possible." 
 But it is staging a comeback, and victory in Michoacan is an important step in that effort. 
 But it's a big deal when the company is airplane-maker Boeing Co. and the list price for those 50 airplanes totals a record $18 billion. 
 But it wasn't respect, really. It was pity. 
 But many journalists said that they had been prevented from seeing the police take action in the park, and that they had been roughly handled by officers. 
 But Nebraska lawmakers opposed to the plan are weighing legislation to force a move away from the Sand Hills region and Ogallala aquifer, a major source of drinking water and irrigation. 
 But on their side, in their illuminated Stade de la Luz in Lisbon, the Portuguese are convinced that they are playing in front of a public which must be enthusiastic, even if the match is very close," said an optimistic, but lucid, Bento 
 But Ospel in the end relied on Wuffli. 
 But that doesn't automatically ease the grief and confusion that an entire nation still feels. 
 But that was not until Sunday. 
 But that will not be enough. 
 But the banks are forging ahead. 
 But the idea without stronger economic, political and democratic integration and lived in such by citizens, would be a fresh folly and a new impasse. 
 But the large stores are installing superfast slots. 
 But the minority shareholders are certain to recover their costs, since Gazprom assumes the entire risk. 
 But the prime minister felt that the high price of the yen did to reflect "Japan's economic fundamentals ." 
 But the prints do not lie. 
 But there is match to play and an opponent, Bosnia to conquer. 
 But the Texas native brushed aside her concern. 
 But the yen had risen regularly since then, stimulated by purchases by investors who regard it as a "shelter" in these uncertain times of worldwide economic slowdown and the debt crisis in Europe. 
 "But they should really take wing next year." 
 "But this improvement also reflects a rise of consciousness, in particular within large groups." 
 But this is only a first stage of the future mode of payment, namely, the mobile telephone. 
 But this is thought to be unlikely by the constructors who provided welds to leak only every 100 000 years. 
 But what about when Facebook users become part of a survey they don't even know about? 
 By 2017, the public structural deficit must fall by 0.75% of the PIB) and from 2017, the structural public deficit of the Austrian Federal State must not exceed 0,35% of PIB in any year, whilst the Länder, as well as communities, must submit balanced budgets. 
 By Christian Teevs 
 By Ingeborg Wiensowski 
 By Julia Stanek 
 By supporting this Russian project, Western Europe is gaining greater security for its supplies. 
 Calderon, a candidate for her brother's conservative National Action Party, or PAN, refused to recognize Vallejo as the winner. 
 Canadians in favour of euthanasia 
 Canadian society is half dead. 
 Can an America weakened by crisis, lead a complex world by simple and indeed, simplistic,ideas ? 
 Cancelling contentious food commodity speculation could improve his image. 
 Carolina made the match more dramatic with Tuomo Ruutu and Dwyer's goal from a penalty shot, making it a single goal difference. 
 Cars are divided into three categories. 
 Casillas and Xavi were recognized last week by UEFA together with the other player of the Iberian team, Zubizarreta with 126 matches and Schalke striker Raul Gonzalez with 102. 
 Casillas will play today against the Tricolor and will impose a new record of 127 international matches for Spain. 
 Catastrophe followed in October 2008. UBS faced collapse from a lack of investment during the financial crisis and had to be saved by the state. 
 CDU intends to elect the European President by universal suffrage 
 Celebration Jazz Mass, a piece by an important Czech jazzman, Karel Růžička is on the programme. 
 Certain experts in the field of the health-related legislation have already voiced reservations concerning the conclusions of the Royal Society of Canada experts' report. 
 Certainly, it is not probable that the Twenty-Seven will rapidly agree to this solution; Great Britain is opposed to it and the heads of CDU think that Nicolas Sarkozy is also opposed to it. 
 CF researcher observed that the streets of Mexico City are mostly covered by flexible pavement, which is composed of six layers of material, out of which the last three involve the asphalt. 
 Champion of Europe in the construction of turbines, from which it draws 30% of its electricity, it is also one of the largest users of coal and of gas due to intermittent wind; due to which its carbon dioxide emissions and the price of its electricity are respectively 65% and 50% higher than the European average. 
 Chance: "What happiness" 
 "Charles University has been greatly involved in the festival." 
 Chip maps without contacts become generalised 
 City officials have categorically denied that accusation. 
 Cleaning the windows, vacuuming, wiping the floors, dusting, scrubbing the bathtub - at least twice a week. 
 "Cold and Inhuman": Anders Behring Breivik Makes First Public Court Appearance 
 Collserola is more complex," says the architect to whom the title of "gates of Collserola" contains a "lexical trap": we should not think about them "as access to a park, but as the delimitation of some areas where we must act." 
 Colom guarantees Portillo's extradition to the United States 
 "Combined with support from Berbr, a capable businessman, this would be even more harmful for the football," Paclík said. 
 Commodities trading may be reduced or stopped completely. 
 Company's strong business position is ensured by its strong internal and external image. 
 Comparing these figures with those of their European neighbours, French employees are no more inclined to take sick leave than those in any other country. 
 Compose your own menu 
 Concerning China, Iran, aid to Israel, Mitt Romney, Herman Cain, and Rick Perry compete in simplification and a lack of knowledge. 
 Conservationists stated that migration of specially protected rooks was the root of the problem in cities, pointing out that the use of chemicals in agriculture was increasingly destroying traditional habitats. 
 "Contracting personnel would be cut, resulting in delays in the contracts and the contract oversight that support the war." 
 Controversial Oil Pipeline Plan to Be Rerouted After Threat of Delayed U.S. Approval 
 Conversely a British soldier realizes that he will most likely die, and that no one will notice or care. 
 Cooperation between the two countries was presented in a positive light - as a success story. 
 Coparmex President stressed the importance of establishing a future vision to guide better the efforts of the government. 
 Countrywide, it is in Quebec that the rate is highest, with 86% of deaths taking place in hospital. 
 Courageous bystander attacked at underground station - offender arrested 
 Created fifteen years ago by an Italian company, Moleskine will restore the taste of writing. 
 Critical atmosphere in football movement supposedly made him doubt his candidature. 
 Critics described the capture of the birds in bird traps and how they were beaten to death with clubs as particularly brutal. 
 Croatia did not miss a trick with 0:0 against Turkey and Ireland managed an easy 1:1 (1:0) against Estonia. 
 Croatia then woke up, taking more and more control of the game. 
 Crows are protected. 
 Cruz Lopez said that this research reflects the concern of health professionals for the alarming weight gain in children. 
 CTV presented today images of the television show in which Anderson, also known by the wide distribution over the internet of a pornographic home video where she appears together with her ​​husband, the drummer of "Mötley Crüe," Tommy Lee, appears dressed as the Virgin Mary holding in a crib a doll depicting Jesus. 
 Curbed industrial production on the continent nipped hopes that the debt crisis might stabilise in the bud. 
 Currently about 100 thousand Czechs visit exotic countries every year! 
 Currently, Czech representatives in the EU has been very busy. 
 Cyclist seriously injured in Kreuzberg 
 Czech Montreal defenseman, Jaroslav Špaček, did not finish the match with Buffalo; he left in the second period due to an upper body injury. 
 Czechoslovakian currency was not freely convertible; without the currency assurance, it was not possible to obtain financial means (Western currency) for travelling West. 
 Czechoslovaks could not get enough of travelling to the West. Everyone wanted to go there for at least a moment. 
 Czech representation team, partially due to the home team's failure in the close; the great Čech; and heroic Jiráček; won 1:0 in Montenegro, and celebrates moving on to the European Championship. 
 Czechs have the reputation of being negative and euro-sceptical 
 Damascus denounces a "plot" 
 Damjanovic and Vucinic became the match's least lucky couple after losing two great opportunities. 
 Damjanovic took a shot from the edge of the penalty area that just missed Cech's goal in the 40th minute. 
 "Darina and I communicate in a completely normal way, only we do not share our bed anymore," Rychtář said for Blesk. 
 Darina Rychtářová (53) said it is over! 
 Days after the Obama administration threatened to delay approval of a planned oil pipeline from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico -- angering unions while appeasing environmentalists -- the company seeking to build the pipeline says it's willing to reroute the project to get it back on track. 
 Dear ladies, do you recognise yourself in the lines to follow, describing several women's habits that make the men see red? 
 Debt 
 Deceptive individuals might also use distancing language: " I did not have sexual relations with that woman ... Miss Lewinsky" or repeat a hard question in its entirety. 
 Defense Secretary Leon Panetta turned up the heat on Congress Monday, warning that looming automatic budget cuts would undermine national security and set off a financial chain reaction from the hallways of the Pentagon, to the battlefields of Afghanistan, to civilian assembly lines. 
 Democracy is a precious possession; it is also a fragile one. 
 DEMOS's work is just one example of how Facebook is becoming a hot new tool in the hands of scientists. 
 Despite a public voluntary policy introduced in 2005, the rate of unemployment of the handicapped is still twice as high as the average, namely 19%, versus 9% for the population as a whole. 
 Despite Breivik's bizarre notion of being part of a larger "resistance" movement, the judge determined that he is not insane, and said that there is no evidence he acted with accomplices. 
 Despite current catastrophic scenarios accompanying the general meeting planned, he believes that on Thursday, the delegates will not come to Nymburk in vain. 
 Despite the appointment of new heads of government in Greece and in Italy and better growth figures in France and in Germany, the rates in fragile countries continue to rise. 
 Despite the graphics being on the same level of previous parts of the series, some of the environments are very nice to look at. 
 Detecting lies, or "lie spotting," is an essential skill for everyone to acquire, for both personal and professional reasons. 
 Deterrence would only be conceivable as an exception in hospitals, retirement homes and schools. 
 Deutsche Bahn has also been forced to have the axles of ICE trains checked significantly more frequently for many years, after an ICE train's axle broke in Cologne's main station. 
 Deutsche Bahn has come up with a crisis plan to prevent train cancellations in the winter. 
 Deutsche Bahn plans winter crisis package into the millions 
 Deutsche Bank also faces legal action by the FHFA covering multiple transactions with a total value of 14.2 billion dollars from 2005 to 2007. 
 Deutsche Bank announced on Monday that the chairman will not move to the supervisory board as had been planned. 
 Deutsche Bank has commodity trading investigated 
 Deutsche Bank has rejected the claims as baseless and has declared its intention to fend off the claims. 
 "Deutsche Bank must remove all investments from its portfolio that bet money on food prices," said Bode. 
 Deutsche Bank pays multi-million pound fine in the USA 
 Development of Trip Prices Since 1989 
 "Diet preferences of Czech children between 12 and 15 are far from ideal as regards healthy diet." 
 Diplomatic pressures intensified yesterday on the Syria of Bachar al-Assad, who, with the support of Russia, is resisting them and has denounced a "plot" against his country. 
 Dire warnings from Pentagon over potential defense cuts 
 Discouraging? 
 Dispersion of wreckage on a small area: 
 Does this add a bit of pressure on your visit? 
 Does your other half complain you are addicted to shopping? 
 Don't conclude from this that liars are hard to spot and difficult to unmask. 
 Do you find these sentences familiar? 
 Do you like shopping, in mass sales? 
 Do you need to buy at least one piece of clothing a week? 
 "Do you plan to wear the dirty socks tomorrow?" 
 Dressed in a dark suit and blue tie, Breivik remained calm and professional throughout the hearing and looked journalists and survivors in the eye as he entered and exited the building. 
 Driving through the desert, autumnal countryside, or high in snow-covered mountains is visually very pleasant though. 
 Drunk driver seriously injured 
 During a Press conference, the Syrian foreign minister Walid Mouallem stated that the country was approaching the end of the crisis." 
 During his job search, he said, he sensed that some interviewers had subtly inquired whether he would be able to hold up under the strain of a demanding Washington job immediately after his combat tour. 
 During Monday's NHL match, hockey forward, Jaromír Jágr's two assists helped Philadelphia's victory 5:3 on Carolina's ice. Again, he leads the productivity of Czech players in the game. 
 During our first century, this allowed us to transform the technology, business, and the company. 
 During the first year of Mario Lopez Valdez management, in Sinaloa increased the unemployment and the informality, foreign investment declined and the economy was reduced. 
 During the legal diligence, the public prosecutor attached to the Court, Ramiro Arias, questioned Garcia Gomez whether he had repaired the damage and which of the partners of the betting house granted pardon, although the lawyer tried to reserve the name. 
 During the same period, it will become necessary to palliate the increasing shortage of fossil resources in order to continue to produce electricity permanently without forgetting the overriding need to reduce the emissions of greenhouse gases to fight climatic imbalance, a subject which has vanished from the ecological debate. 
 During this time, 16 civilians and at least 19 members of the armed forces of the regime die in the area of Deraa in the south of Syria, announced l'Observatoire syrien des droits de l'homme (OSDH). 
 Each of the stones which compose this covering, he said, is dipped with asphalt. 
 Early in his career, as he set out to sell a handful of circuit boards, he was asked by a customer to assemble the full computer. 
 Earnings of both Italian and Spanish bonds are growing towards critical limits. 
 Easy - just log on to Facebook. 
 Economic slowness 
 Either that or someone wants to put gates to the field. 
 Elderly people have repeatedly been robbed in recent weeks at a cemetery in Fürstenwalde. 
 Emergency service officers were called in to cut the locks. 
 Emergency Service Unit trucks with klieg lights and loudspeakers gathered at Pike Slip and the Franklin D. Roosevelt Drive, near the Manhattan Bridge, before moving out. 
 Emerging from the crisis will entail decisions on European level, which cannot be made without total democratic legitimacy without leading us into disaster. 
 Emirates airline orders 50 twin-aisle Boeing 777 jetliners with an option for 20 more. 
 Emma Marcegaglia, leader of the Italian employers' Federation told the reporters after meeting with Monti: "We said we would support very much this government." 
 Employees of UBS clearly remember the management meetings where CEO Wuffli always repeated the same slogan - dethrone Goldman Sachs. 
 Ermotti plans to take the investment bank back to where it was in the mid-90s. 
 "Especially alarming is the high popularity of sweet soft drinks," the final report of the survey concludes. 
 "Ethical imperative" 
 Europe invented democracy, thinks in terms of European democracy 
 Europe's monetary union has been badly undermined by a sovereign debt crisis in past months. 
 Europe's most beautiful pools 
 Eurozone: 
 Eurozone statistical offices in Germany, Czech Republic, and some other countries, released their preliminary estimates of economic development in the third quarter. 
 "Euthanasia is practised in Canada, where it is clearly illegal." 
 Even famous people often consider it redundant (believing it is sufficient to be good at something, and how they look at it comes second). 
 Even, he said, the presence of dark-colored folds (acanthuses) on the neck and forearm indicates the likelihood of suffering of metabolic disorders and even prediabetes. 
 Even if one day Rychtář and Bartošová would split up, his wife will not welcome him with open arms. 
 Even offline, there's no guarantee that a research subject is being completely honest. 
 Even when taking photographs in a studio where the surface is even, the soles might get damaged - not to mention shooting outside. 
 Every now and then, probably each of us releases a gossip here or there. 
 Everything is mirrored visually: high ceilings, colourful tiles and diving boards. 
 Experts at the first crow symposium in the East Frisian town of Leer have said that rooks can no longer be forced out of cities. 
 Experts warn that even relative details are crucial for healthy development; such as a regular time of family breakfast. 
 Exploiting its success and the cultural aura, Moleskine diversified its products to include handbags, pens, computer bags. The brand includes every kind of support. 
 "Facebook cuts all that out - you go to them directly." 
 Facebook, too, is constantly tapping into its own population for data. 
 Facts must prevail over dogmas 
 Far from being a parlor game similar to, say, charades, where the object is to exclaim, "Gotcha," deception detection is a serious branch of knowledge based on scientific data collected over the last six decades at prestigious universities conducting in-depth research projects, especially in psychology and physiology. 
 Father attacks tram driver - child looks on 
 Fear and concern has been the reaction to this report in Turkey and within the German-Turkish community in Germany. 
 Fear of recession in Europe depresses US stock exchange 
 Fears about the impact of immigrants are based on the notion that they are liable to replace native workers, in particular unskilled ones, exerting downward pressure on wages. 
 Felipe Cortes Bacio left very young the city of Saltillo in order to enter the College of the Air in Zapopan, Jalisco. 
 Few apparatus are at present equipped with NFC technology (Near Field Communication, essential for implementing these transactions. 
 Filed in February by Susan Burke, a Washington, D.C., attorney, the suit initially involved 17 plaintiffs but grew to 28 in the following months - 25 women and three men, all of whom allege that they were raped or sexually assaulted by fellow soldiers, and that the military failed to investigate, prosecute, or provide adequate justice after the alleged attacks. 
 Filmed before the era of Pixar, the iPod or the iPhone, there's something eerily prescient about the Lost Interview, as Jobs assesses what he sees other companies doing right and wrong, and offers his own vision of the future of computing. 
 Finally, the Queen Mrs. Sofia concluded by encouraging those present to participate in the debate and find solutions to advance the fight against poverty. 
 Financial guru Buffett is investing heavily in the IT company, IBM. 
 Financial stocks in particular were on the sales receipts. 
 "Find at least a few pieces you can praise, and recommend what to wear them with" Mario says. 
 Fire in cinema on Alexanderplatz 
 First, I think we are all lucky to be still alive and, secondly, we all care about the others. 
 First, observe your subject's normal behavior. 
 Five companies combined their forces to implement this project. 
 Five months following the gesture of humour of his attacker against Turkey, the Belgian selector can only be praised. 
 Five years in prison and a fine of 100 days was the sentence given to a Navolato citizen for the possession of eight kilos of marijuana. 
 Flint hired a director of a competing company, Thomas J. Watson, to help him with company management. 
 Following an attack on Helder Postiga in the Bosnian penalty area in the 36th minute, Stark decided the Portuguese player had simulated and gave him a yellow card. 
 Following its careful modernisation in 1995, the Palais Thermal is the favourite swimming pool of pool connoisseur Iris Meder - and not just because she comes from the Black Forest. 
 Following the death of Steve Jobs on Oct. 5, there were some who compared him to Henry Ford - singling out the tech genius as the Great Modern Inventor. 
 Following the discovery of the "Zwickau cell," Turkish media express doubt about the rule of law in Germany. 
 Foodwatch is striving to keep up the pressure on the manager. 
 "Football needs trustworthiness it can only gain by finally having its leader," says Pelta, who, two days before the crucial day of his career of a functionary, remains an optimist. 
 Football representation successfully managed the toughest task of the season! 
 "Football will be back on the happy wave, people will be more willing to cooperate," a Jablonec functionary says. Of the three candidates, he has the most experience with football management on both professional and regional levels. 
 For a fairly long time, IBM has focused on lucrative IT services such as data centres. 
 For a fingerprint specialist from Sijin of Cali the recognition made ​​by the President Juan Manuel Santos to Eleazar Gonzalez in the press conference for the operation against "Cano', is very significant. 
 For a long time, he did not attack Tomáš Paclík, who has constantly criticised Pelta. 
 For a long time, lagging behind the Asia-Pacific region, Europe is now gaining ground in contactless payment. 
 For a while, you try to overtake a number of competitors (basically a regular race); then you try to beat the time (standard stopwatch race); or you are in a duel with a single rival. 
 For business representatives, the first year of Mario Lopez Valdes government demonstrates a lack of capacity of the government. 
 Foreign Minister, Trinidad Jiménez, said that solidarity "is an ethical imperative" to every democratic state. 
 For example, a trench coat may be worn in the standard way, over jeans and T-shirt, as a coat; but it may also be worn on naked body, with step-ins, as a dress. 
 For example, if the difference between the waist and hips is such that the skirt or trousers do not fit, it is worth to have at least one piece custom-made. 
 For example, in Paris, Czech tours slept in parks in tents, because their income at the time was not enough to pay for a hotel or a pension. 
 For example, in the desert, you get into a sandstorm, significantly decreasing the visibility. 
 "For example, it is high time to consider about splitting the second league into Czech and Moravian parts, winners of which would continue into the first league." 
 For example, sausages occur up to half more frequently on the tables of obese children compared to the families of children with standard weight. 
 For example, some turns have to be driven through in a specific way, otherwise you simply do not fit in. 
 For Gazprom, the completion on time of this huge project is a victory. 
 For German citizens the situation is clear. According to one study, 84 percent of Germans find it unacceptable that banks speculate on agricultural commodities such as wheat and maize. 
 For her, the lieutenant colonel had fulfilled all his dreams, she considers that he was at the height of his life, "he was a successful man, an extraordinary father, son, and a loving brother and devoted to his family." 
 For him there is not a shadow of a doubt, the Selection, with which he has been at odds since September 2010, will qualify for Euro 2012. 
 For its part, the Ministry of Economic Development of the State Government accounted a total investment of 17.280.000 pesos during the year, which occurred mainly in tertiary sector companies. 
 For many German Turks, the news brings back to life a long-dead spectre. There has been no comparable right-wing extremist violence against Turks since the arson attacks in Mölln in November 1992 and in Solingen in May 1993. 
 Former presidential candidate John Edwards has been charged with campaign finance violations connected to the cover-up of an extramarital affair. 
 For nearly five months, Czech football has had no President. There exists a risk that Ivan Hašek's successor, the head of Czech Republic's Football Association (FAČR) will not be known even after another extraordinary general meeting, which is to take place in Nymburk on Thursday. 
 For now, the secretary said it is a priority to have the results as soon as possible; however, the investigation may take several months or even one year. 
 For nuclear energy to maintain the highest level of safety, is absolutely vital. 
 For Roland, after approaching the coastline becomes "necessary" to discuss about "the mountain front," whenever Ildefons Cerda's speech, that of green apples has not been carried out. 
 For someone known to loathe in-depth interviews, Jobs seems surprisingly eager here to expound on his technological philosophies and business strategies. 
 For some researchers, the beauty of Facebook is that it lets you study people you couldn't approach with a clipboard on the street. 
 For Spain, microcredit is "one of the main lines of development cooperation." 
 For the Chancellor, "the time has arrived for a breakthrough in Europe ." 
 For the first time in history, in 2008 Czechs spent more than a half of their holidays abroad (50.3%); and for the first time in history, they spent over 15 thousand Crowns per person per holiday abroad, including their costs at the destination. 
 "For the first time it was said that the countries who want are to cooperate, while those who are not willing can stand off." 
 For their holiday, Czech tourists thus went to the sea to the German Democratic Republic; Soviet Union (Sochi, Crimea near the Black Sea); Bulgaria; Romania (both to the Black Sea); and Hungary (Balaton). 
 For the same reason he refused to allow Breivik, who brought a pre-written speech with him, to address the relatives of his victims at the end of the hearing. 
 For these reasons, the insured was put at the disposal of the Second District Court and the sentenced person continues to be a prisoner at the Center for Supporting the Legal Consequences of the Crime. 
 "For us in IMB, long-term thinking means continuous movement towards the future. 
 For your followers from Costa Rica, is a dream come true that Pearl Jam will play in Costa Rica? Are you aware of what your fans are experiencing? 
 Foundations for the later IBM were laid by a merger of four companies, the history of which goes back to the 1880s. 
 Founded in 2002 at Maiduguri around a mosque, a school and a fundamentalist imam Mohammed Yusuf, Boko Haram - which means in Hausa "with Western education" is a criminal, who promotes the installation of an islamic emirate in the Moslem north of Nigeria. 
 Four days after losing 0:3 in Istanbul, the Turks could do no better than a 0:0 draw in Zagreb. 
 France and the rest of Europe are now in the investors" spotlight. 
 France has recorded an economic growth of 0,4% in the third quarter, a little better than the expected 0,3%, due to increased household consumption. 
 From a game of this type, one does not expect complicated deformations and collisions, but when you have no idea, before crashing into any object, how your car will act, something is not right. 
 From Ben, the photographer, I learned that a stylist must have more outfit versions prepared than the number he is to take pictures of. 
 "From international contacts with UEFA and FIFA, to representation, professional football, and performance football for the youth." 
 "From now on there will be an access control," said the manager. 
 From the opening minutes, the game was very pugnacious. 
 From the very beginning, the company was brilliant in exploiting talented people. It was one of the first world companies to abolish all discrimination, which rendered it with great selection. 
 From those positions, the police were seen expanding the perimeter even farther outward from Zuccotti Park. 
 "From what we know today, you have to ask how I could be so wrong." 
 Fujimori, 72 years old, who is sentenced at 25 years in prison for human rights violations committed during his government (1990-2000), suffers from several ailments, including cancer of the tongue for which he has been operated four times and it is kept under control. 
 Fujimori is in prison since September 2007 in the Police National Department of Special Operations. 
 Fujimori was hospitalized again for medical tests 
 Further complications were avoided by Matt Read who increased the difference to two points. 
 Furthermore, he refutes the allegations he would only be a Czech President. 
 Gazprom next leased to this company for twenty renewable years,the entire capacity of gas transport. 
 Gazprom, the giant Russian gas producer, wanted to celebrate the event with a "bang." 
 "Gazprom will pay for the total capacity, whatever may be the quantity of gas actually transported," states Jens Müller. 
 GDP grows by 1.5% due to domestic consumption and puts an end to the downward spiral that began in March 
 General Meeting Should Find a President, Mate Threat Returns 
 Germany's GDP has grown by the expected 0.5%; and France's by 0.4%. 
 Given the recent bad experience from Afghanistan and Iraq, we decided against military occupation of Libya. 
 'Going to Costa Rica is a dream come true' 
 Going to Costa Rica is a dream come true for us too. 
 Goodlatte's is just one of 68 constitutional amendments that have been introduced this Congress, spanning a wide range of topics. 
 Good liars are skilled at reading others well, putting them at ease, managing their own emotions and intuitively sensing how others perceive them. 
 Gossiping 
 Grave-tenders robbed 
 Greece needs a new programme of adjustment to rescue its economy. 
 Halting further development and testing the F35 could generate some $80 billion in savings over 10 years but its supporters say it is a vital next step to upgrade and meet potential threats from China and other rivals. 
 Hamburg - 
 Hašek resigned from his function in June. When leaving, he called to his colleagues to unite and find a strong personality who would lead football in the future. 
 Hazards arising from the "uncertainty of projecting the public space" after the experience of the 80"s which had in the Forum area "his swan song." 
 He adds, "The odds are heavily against them ... but it's important for them to try." 
 He also claimed that Europe is not likely to shake off a recession quickly and that there are further signs of weakness in the banks. 
 He also need have little concern for the costs - it would be up to his successor to manage the outcome. 
 He also promised to solve the Bohemians case; improve relations with both UEFA and FIFA; bring more money to football; and continue the work of the previous President, Ivan Hašek. 
 He also reported that the unit was designed for 19 people, so it fulfilled the necessary requirements to transport people. 
 He also said that the investigations made ​​in the area of impact do not report the appearance of pieces on the ground. 
 He also showed us what specifically a duty bag must contain. 
 Health Surveys made between 1999 and 2006 reported that in only six years there was an increase in the case of the boys, 77 percent were obese, and 47 percent in the case of the girls; in terms of overweight there was also observed a dramatic rise, "said the specialist of the MSSI. 
 He approached the rewriting of the key document of the civil association as a decoy for the delegates. 
 He asked if he could join her in her room for a drink. 
 He attempted to swerve out of the way of a van with trailer that shot out onto the road from a petrol station. 
 He believed in his motto saying that numerous world problems can be easily solved if people are willing to think. 
 He believes current problems with elections are caused by the euphoria there was in the time of Ivan Hašek's reign. 
 He believes the new President will be known in Nymburk; he also hopes that in the future, the candidates will cooperate constructively. 
 He called for a muscular, but a constructive, dialogue with Peking (the current position of Obama). 
 He catches the arrival of what he calls "a new species in the bestiary of the young century: the articulate and ideologically convinced mass murderer in well-cut clothes who performs his butchery while sitting behind a desk." 
 He claimed only to invest in companies whose business he understands 
 He claims that if Rychtářová found a new love, he would not stand in her way. 
 He clarified that not everything is as shown in CSI television program. 
 He declared his agreement with the objectives of reduction of the deficit and of the debt and of the struggle against waste, but also his opposition to any policy which would prevent economic recovery. 
 He describes "meat made of pressed rice boiled in mutton fat (and finished off with a fake bone made of wood); tobacco made of dried roots and dried potato peel; shoes soled with wood." 
 He encouraged the Blues from the age of 7 years and the victorious campaigns of 1998 and 2000. 
 He explained that generally, the genetics of obesity result in the inability to burn off the excess energy that we consume (calories) and which is stored as fat. 
 He explained that on Saturday to all participants will be applied anthropometric measurements (weight, height, and waist circumference), blood pressure measurements, and determination of glucose, triglycerides, cholesterol and insulin and genetic (seeking to identify genes that are associated to childhood obesity). 
 He explained that the purpose of this research is to understand the components and the importance of genetics in relation to the development of obesity and identify in children and young Mexicans the risk factors for preventing the appearance of chronic degenerative diseases. 
 He finally shot to fame internationally in 1973 with his legendary four-cylinder BMW Tower and its bowl-shaped sister building. 
 He goes on about the ersatz food in Germany. 
 He had surgery four times for cancer of the tongue, has a weight loss of 18 kilos to which other diseases were added such as severe erosive gastritis, pancreatic cysts, kidney stones, high blood pressure and circulation problems in the legs, listed the doctor. 
 He had to be taken to hospital for inpatient treatment. 
 He has a vision for the way things could be and should be. 
 He is accused of clandestine burials in the municipalities of the General Teran, China and Cadereyta. 
 He is also the new permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, which awards the Nobel Prize in Literature. 
 "He is a person who can listen to all twenty-seven member states, communicate with them perfectly, and who has a clear vision of where the EU should be headed." 
 "He is chiefly surrounded by people who would do football so that it would only be for the chosen ones." 
 He is cutting 3500 jobs. 
 He is expected to present a cabinet composed largely of technocrats, although it is unclear when the new executive will undertake the position. 
 He is hinting at the fact that some years ago, Pelta's name was recorded during phone tapping in a corruption affair investigation; Pelta came out without a sentence. 
 "He is the biological father to my sons and if he wants to spend his last days in our house, no one will chase him out." 
 He knew he had to identify two corpses and one was suspected to be of the man who led the world's oldest guerrilla, so they asked him to take the ten print card of Guillermo León Sáenz (his real name). 
 He knew the original design and knew the issues the building was facing, a building that had already lost some of its grandeur and lightness when it was relocated to Vienna and converted. 
 He mentioned that last year, during the administration of Jesus Aguilar Padilla, the State did not comply with the contributions it had to make, so that at the beginning of the administration the municipality had to borrow money in order to cover more than 7 million, a sum that was not provided on that occasion by the state administration. 
 He moreover reacted strongly against the decision of the Arab League to suspend Damascus which according to him represents a "dangerous step." 
 He must find a strategy for a bank that has turned its back on all existing business models. 
 He noted that the current administration has shown progress in its own manner of leading the public policy. 
 "He (Pelta) would be the first one I'd go to." 
 He points out that people have been murdered who had paid taxes and made an important contribution to Germany's redevelopment with their work. 
 "He poked out the puck, I gained speed, and Read went on to the more distant pole." 
 He praised the management, which has managed to bring in profits even during the economic crisis. 
 He rammed a parked vehicle and pushed it up against two other cars and three bikes when turning around. 
 Her critics have pushed for Kagan to recuse herself from hearing the case, saying that she was too invested in defending the law then to be impartial now. 
 Here are some of the brakes. 
 He recalled that a large number of countries around the world has now completed the digital transition, and has done it through the executive, despite of having highly specialized technical bodies. 
 Here I finally understood why we drill all the definitions and rules of what to combine with what and why, while in fashion magazines we often see something else. 
 Here is advice for proceeding: Gently excise this page and make it your bookmark. 
 He reported that on average, the Mexican has a 65 percent of American Indian heritage, 30 percent European and five percent African and this condition is reflected in the genes that are associated with diabetes and overweight. 
 Here, you gain both medals and experience points for your profile, common for both challenges and the story. 
 Her group filed a suit in December against the Veterans Administration, charging it with discriminatory practices in the way it handles benefit claims for people who say they were sexually assaulted in the service. 
 Her husband said that he was reading Giffords a newspaper story about the shooting on March 12 when she stopped him to ask for the first time about the six who had been killed in the incident. 
 Her "journey to the most unusual baths in Central Europe" took here through 13 countries. Besides Germany, Austria and Switzerland, she visited baths in Italy, France, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Slovenia, Hungary, Romania and Poland - and one city each in Luxembourg, Serbia and Croatia. 
 Herrera Nájera said that this type of modified asphalt could be used in places where the weather is extremely hot, as some cities in the north, to improve its performance and, therefore, the formation of potholes. 
 Her strategy: rather than piling all the plaintiffs into this case - putting all her eggs in one basket, so to speak - she will file multiple cases, if need be, to keep the pressure on. 
 He said that congressional failure to reach a budget agreement and the resulting so-called sequestration would trigger 23% across-the-board reductions and a halt to many new projects. 
 He said the justification for searching the markers is based on that the population of the country differs from other in its genetic history. 
 "He's been in football for over a year, and gained some success." 
 He scraped against a concrete crash barrier and lost parts of the car. 
 He sees his strongest weapon in knowledge of football, from the lowest competitions to representation. 
 "He's from Texas," she says. 
 He sings it and I think he does this with the first thing that comes to his mind. 
 He stated that during his mandate he did not "put his hands" in judicial decisions and accepted all extradition proceedings he has ever known. 
 He stressed that the protocol started in the Cuauhtémoc sports unit (West Mexico State) and since October 8th, the activity takes place in the Netzahualcoyotl Sport unit (East State of Mexico). 
 He then cooperated on an Iranian programme from 1996 to 2002, before returning to Russia. 
 He then fled empty-handed. 
 He then promised that his arrival to the head of the football would not mean any personnel housecleaning. 
 He wants to establish system changes and make members of the executive board responsible for individual football areas. 
 He warned against Bric [Brazil, Russia, India, China] countries looking at Europe's difficulties in a "dispassionate way" and said that Asian financial assistance alongside European leadership and resources would help avoid a long-term breakdown in the global economy. 
 He was certainly a designer, dreamer and self-identified hippie, but he was also a meticulous organizer and flow-chart tweaker - a man who believed that many business executives suffered from "a disease of thinking that a really great idea is 90 percent of the work... [but] there's a tremendous amount of craftsmanship between a great idea and a great product." 
 He was known, of course, for having renovated and expanded Joseph Olbrich's Secession in Vienna, and had won the competition, but he also studied under Schwanzer at the Vienna University of Technology and the pavilion was an "exceptionally important place" for him where had visited exhibitions "almost every weekend." 
 He was taken to hospital in a rescue helicopter. 
 He was unsuccessful and the fire brigade had to bring the fire under control. 
 He will have to form a relatively moderate cabinet composed of technocrats from outside parliament. 
 "He wouldn't want to twist things for his own benefit," Rajchl said about his rival. 
 His almost infallible instinct for making money has earned him a nickname as the "Oracle from Omaha." 
 His book has the most devastating ending I can remember in a piece of nonfiction. 
 His eye did not fail him: it was "Alfonso Cano'. 
 His holding company, Berkshire Hathaway, owns shares in a long list of major companies such as Coca-Cola and Munich Re (formerly Münchener Rück) alongside around 80 of its own subsidiaries. 
 His last will 
 His vehicle skidded, crossed the centre strip into oncoming traffic and crashed into several trees. 
 Hit and run after accident in Lichtenberg 
 Honza Pokorný confirmed that image and style often are half the success. 
 How are citizens supposed to understand that in Brussels, people are not trying to come up with crooked or round cucumbers, different size bananas, or that someone wants to ban our cheese specialties.' 
 How come? 
 How could it have come to that? 
 How did Pearl Jam succeeded to maintain grunge relevant despite of not being any longer a fad? 
 How does it plan to make money? 
 How do you find a balance? 
 However, after some time, problems come. 
 However, children showed very little interest in legumes, fish, and vegetable lunches. 
 However, he notes, "In my view they should be able to move forward." 
 However, he was released as suspicion was not confirmed. 
 "However, he will complete his days not as my beloved, lost and found old fool, but as a person I have certain bonds to," Rychtářová said, adding she had already disengaged herself from her husband and only insists on mutual decency. 
 "However, his attacks were not decent, and many people were caught by surprise by the method of his election campaign." 
 However, I appreciated the following advice the most: "For your work, you need to know the rules perfectly." 
 However, IBM's annual reports changed his mind on investing in the industry. 
 However, if it can be used, the comparison is being made. 
 "However, many people told me I mustn't give up, otherwise others would follow." 
 However, most experts now agree that the gamblers have left behind the rules of supply and demand - and are profiting at the expense of the poorest. 
 However, our lifestyle is neither unique nor the best one and would not, most probably, be suitable for, for example, the people of Libya. 
 However, she does not want to wait any longer, and set clear rules for her future life. 
 However, she will go down in history as one of the queens that despite her overwhelming passage through Cartagena, found difficulties in getting the crown. 
 However, the building was not suitable as a museum for technical and spatial reasons - it had no walls to hang artworks and poor air conditioning. 
 However, the game feels unfinished. 
 However, the message of Samaras does not clear the doubts about his position: "We are committed to helping the transitional government, but we are not committed to anything." 
 However, there are tougher gossips, women who enjoy frequent gossiping and despise everyone. They are, especially within a female work team, very dangerous for their surroundings. 
 "However, there is nothing we can do about that, we just have to face it," Jacques Martin said. 
 However, the researchers had provided pieces of wire. 
 "However, the two previous rounds would then lose their meaning; that would completely deny the two-chamber concept," Svoboda agrees with Moravia's arguments. He says it would be best not to bend the rules and vote according to the existing regulations. 
 However, they were arrested shortly after at a stop on Landsberger Allee. 
 However, when he arrived with the research team to the site where the body was, he did not recognize him by his physical appearance; it was very different from that seen in the media. 
 How much deceit do we encounter? 
 How to spot a lie 
 Hr also promised to increase military aid to Israel, accusing Obama of failing in his obligations to wards that partner. 
 Hundreds of police officers were involved, some of them wearing riot helmets. 
 Hundreds of protesters crowded round the Zuccotti square, where they wanted to get in thanks to a court order that allows "the angry persons" to camp on the site, while another part of the movement responded to the eviction by occupying a park north the city where there have been made further arrests. 
 Hungry for growth, the bank itself and a hedge fund founded by the bank invested in US subprime securities. 
 Hungry Labrador turns on hotplate - apartment fire 
 Hunting, increasing development and felling of typical breeding trees was making life hard for the birds. 
 Husslein-Arco, an art history graduate with a remarkable career in her youth as an ice skater, who went on to Sotheby's, the Guggenheim Museum and to become the founding director of the Museum der Moderne in Salzburg, convinced politicians and conservators to go ahead with renovation, attracted public funding and private sponsorship and decided on the use of the building. 
 "I acknowledge the acts but I do not plead guilty." 
 "I aimed at him, and I'm glad it worked," Voráček described his view of the last goal of the match. 
 "I always supported them, he affirms. 
 "I always thought that Wuffli and Ospel were a dream team," says the banking research, Hans Geiger. 
 "I am a military commander in the Norwegian resistance movement and Knights Templar Norway," he said before a courtroom packed with 500 people. 
 I am beginning to realise that to be a professional stylist is no piece of cake, no matter what people say. 
 "I am looking forward to working with Kaspar Villiger and Oswald Grübel." 
 I am to dress Miranda Kerr whom you may know from the Victoria's Secret campaigns. 
 "I am very pleased with Eden, his progress and the fact that he is Belgian." 
 "I believe in systematic approach, which is something I don't think Mirek Pelta is competent of." 
 IBM, as its name suggests, started by producing and selling various business machines - from meat and cheese cutters to cash registers. 
 IBM follows the legacy of its first director, Thomas J. Watson, who increased the amount of investments during the Great Depression. 
 IBM History: From Cheese Cutter To Space Travel 
 IBM (International Business Machines) was founded in New York, a hundred years ago. Its original name "Computing Tabulating Recording Corporation" was quite complicated. 
 IBM's company motto is to change everything, except for its values. 
 IBM's revenues chiefly consist of services, about one fifth for each comes from software and hardware. 
 "I can be blamed for many things, but certainly not for being subjective." 
 "I can see him as the head of the representation." 
 "I did not expect it to be such a tough war." 
 "I'd like to change this opinion," he said. 
 "I'd need to learn about the job descriptions of individual employees." That was his message for Strahov, where the long period of interregnum causes understandable nervousness. 
 "I don't know what prestige Pelta's victory would bring to football." 
 If a Czechoslovak citizen wanted to travel, as an individual, to, for example, the Soviet Union or Poland, an invitation letter from the country was necessary; otherwise, individual travel was impossible. 
 "If Bachar had the interest of his country at heart, he would have to resign, but he would also have to create the necessary conditions for a new phase of the political life, said the King of Jordan, a neighbouring country of Syria, in a BBC interview. 
 If, before the extraordinary general meeting, the Head of Pilsen football players, Tomáš Paclík, saw a strong candidate, who would meet all of his expectations of a new Football Association of the Czech Republic (FAČR) President, he would not even apply for the top function. 
 "I felt it." 
 If France decided to abandon nuclear power, she would sacrifice a large number of these RME's and lose the annual 6 thousand million Euro's worth of French exports of nuclear equipment and services. 
 "If I am elected, I will stop Iran, he trumpeted." 
 If not for computer science, they would be doing amazing things in other fields. 
 If not, hundreds of plaintiffs are lining up for the next one. 
 "If Obama is re-elected, they will have the bomb." 
 If so, then your shopping may be seen as bad habit. 
 "If taxes are imposed on gambling, as the political parties declare, I understand their arguments, but they must clearly say where the money will go," he said. 
 "If the only questionable point is how to perform the elections in the third round that is something we can get over." 
 If there is a topic which cannot be dealt with via short-term considerations, or under the stress of emotion, it is energy policy. 
 "If there was a good quality candidate, I'd fight for him and not participate in the fight." 
 If the signals sent by the road surface were attended, it would be necessary to repair about 200 thousand potholes every rainy season in the Metropolitan Area of Valley of Mexico, said Rafael Herrera Najera, a researcher at the Chemistry Faculty (CF) of the UNAM, who said that if the process of construction and maintenance of an asphalt pavement is adequate, the potholes could be reduced or even completely eliminated. 
 "If the solvency of Austria had not fallen by a single notch,from AAA to AA+, we would have to pay three thousand million Euros of interest more every year," argued the vice-chancellor and Christian democratic foreign minister, Michael Spindelegger. 
 If they were, they arguably fell under code's Canon 4C, which states, "A judge may attend fund-raising events of law-related and other organizations although the judge may not be a speaker, a guest of honor, or featured on the program of such an event." 
 "If various representations were not accepted, we would have had a President since September," Pelta said. 
 If you are looking for a real-to-life simulation, you will have to look elsewhere. 
 If you boss your partner around several times a day, he may find it very annoying. 
 "If your business is defined by movement forward, you cannot be emotionally attached to the past,' says Samuel J. Palmisano. 
 If you use them up, you have to start the race from the beginning. 
 "I have the strength to make the football environment change, to support its improvement." 
 IHNED.cz watched the progress match in a detailed report. 
 "I hope for an agreement, but the situation is very ambivalent." 
 "I hope the common sense wins," Rajchl said. 
 I know it's my fault, I fell in love with Iveta, and I accept full responsibility," Josef concluded. 
 I know they did. 
 "I love playing with him." 
 "I'm a team player, and I want to distribute the competences within the executive board so that each member focuses on a certain area." 
 IMB survived and flourished for a hundred years, because it remained true to its original values, while it was not afraid to change everything around itself. 
 "I'm known to work 20 hours a day." 
 Imminent danger 
 I'm sure the organizers meant well. 
 "I must take my marks." 
 In 1989 or 1991 he left the centre to establish a company producing "nano-diamants" in Kiev. 
 In 2000 he moved to the capital of the Valley and, after making the corresponding courses, he specialized in lophoscopy, which is the study of skin friction, meaning the palms of the hands and feet. 
 In 2005, the fear of invasion of the national territory by hordes of Polish plumbers was felt both on the Left and on the Right. 
 In 2008, out of 1,5 million controls,the CNAM found that 13% of the 285 000 controls on short-term sickness certificates were "unjustified," or too long," equal to 37 050 cases. 
 In 2010 there were 3,158 sexual assaults reported, according to the Department of Defense's Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Office. 
 In a custom-made skirt, you will feel much better than in one that keeps shifting, rolling up, sticking out in your waist, etc. 
 In addition, the "angry persons" proceeded to the occupation of a new park located at the confluence of the downtown Canal Street and Sixth Avenue, near the entrance to the Holland Tunnel, which connects New York and New Jersey, owned by the parish of Trinity Church. 
 In addition, the owner of the disco had to respond to neighborhood complaints of noise, while, as she noted, the noise was not caused by customers of the club, but by the inhabitants of the squat and, above all, those attending the parties that were organized there, which had increased in frequency and intensity in recent weeks, as the angry neighbors said. 
 In addition, the races are, from time to time, enlivened by an untypical feature. 
 In addition, the total count of the vote received in all boxes of the election may take place when there is an indication that the difference between the alleged candidate winner of the election in question and the one who has obtained the second place in the voting, is equal to or less than one percentage point, as long as at the beginning of the session there is a request of the representative of the party and/or coalition that nominated the second of the mentioned candidates. 
 In addition, the users can choose in real-time between "D aggressive" or one that only affects the depth of the action, but will need to be played in three dimensions in order to overcome the various challenges and "not to succumb optical illusions." 
 In addition to Anderson and Peters, the CTV Christmas special show features the Canadian singer Buble, who at the end of March married in Buenos Aires the Argentinean model Luisana Lopilato, and he is not a stranger as regards the controversy. 
 In addition to the fall in economic activity and high unemployment rate, in 2011 there was recorded the largest decline in foreign direct investment over the past 10 years, according to the Ministry of Finance from January to June the state FDI totaled 630.697 dollars, which represents a fall of 87.74 percent compared to the 5.143.312 dollars during the same period of last year. 
 In addition to the unemployment and informality, another state labor reminder is represented by low wages; the entity has the lowest wages in the country, according to the records of the Mexican Social Security Institute and the Ministry of Labor and Social Welfare. 
 In addition, Valley lately avoided talking to the press, and that was wrong. 
 In a "democracy, time is needed for the preparation of a government and a programme, he stressed, adding that he was certain that the markets would be patient and understanding." 
 In a few months all these adverse effects will already be felt. 
 In a forecast released Monday, the Chicago company estimates that airlines in the Middle East over the next 20 years will need 2,520 airplanes worth $450 billion. 
 In a majority of families, everyone has breakfast separately. 
 In an addendum to his letters to McCain and Graham, Panetta spelled out new specifics of how reductions "generate significant operational risks: delay response time to crises, conflicts, and disasters; severely limits our ability to be forward deployed and engaged around the world; and assumes unacceptable risk in future combat operations." 
 In an exclusive interview with Viva, the bassist Jeff Ament, of Pearl Jam, said the band is ready to offer one of its best concerts next Sunday at the National Stadium. 
 In April 2009 he was sentenced to 25 years of prison for killing 25 people at the hands of a squad of annihilation of the army that operated clandestinely in the early years of his government. 
 "In a research it is reported that there are no parts or components of the ship in another place, the impact is presented in a structural way. 
 In a space of 50 years, the nuclear industry has experienced three serious incidents. 
 In a statement, the head of the Medical Research Unit in Biochemistry of Specialties Hospital, XXI Century National Medical Center, Miguel Cruz Lopez, explained that it was integrated a multidisciplinary team of physicians, nurses, nutritionists and social workers. 
 In attendance was, among others, Mitch McConnell, the Senate's top Republican and an avowed opponent of the healthcare law. 
 In August, the local United Nations headquarters will be its first international target. 
 In both cases, Claude Giroux, used the experience of a thirty-nine year old star; he added an extra pass and was announced best player of the match. 
 In both Iraq and Afghanistan, teams of female soldiers are playing increasingly important roles, especially in reaching out to local women in war zones. 
 "In case of accident we stop the passage of gas for at least one minute," states Jens Müller. 
 In case Paclík wins on Thursday, he could imagine cooperation with Pelta in the future. 
 In case you suffer from this "deviation," try to realise that no extremes are good; and that within your family, order and cleanliness should not go first. 
 Including options to buy 20 more planes, the total volume is in fact 26 billion dollars. 
 In contrast between his respective club and selection performances, "it is of a piece if it is justified." 
 In contrast to US competitors, Ackermann has responded to the criticism. He has promised to investigate the accusations and has said that no trade is "worth putting Deutsche Bank's good reputation at risk." 
 In contrast with the driving model, the collision model is not that good. 
 Individual countries released their 3Q GDP data. 
 Individual races are ordered fairly well. 
 In dozens of small scenes he catches the way the war has "unleashed uniquely uncontrollable forces: extreme nationalism, social revolution, religious hatred." 
 Industry in the 17 Euro countries has significantly reduced production and is adjusting to the end of the upturn. 
 "I need to lose at least five kilos - should I start doing some exercise?" 
 "In effect, it invites aggression.." 
 In fact, it is a wonder that the Islamic fighters accepted help from the nonbelievers. 
 In fact, it was one of the most humiliating defeats of the Napoleonic army. 
 In fact, justices are exempt from the Code of Conduct that governs the actions of lower federal justices. 
 Informality 
 "Information boards instead of chain saws" was the slogan proposed by the psychologist and ethnologist Uta Maria Jürgens, who argued for a totally different approach to the birds. "We should have the self-confidence to live with this problem." 
 In former Czechoslovakia, as the first country in both Central and Eastern Europe, IBM founded its branch in 1932. 
 In France, the start is more modest; 400.000 contactless Visa card are in use. 
 In France, we have a safety authority, which exercises an intransigent and transparent control of existing generation centres such as Flamanville. 
 In Frankfurt, the Dax fell 1.2 percent closing at 5985 points. 
 In her first television interview since the January shooting that killed six and wounded 13, Giffords smiled, laughed and sang - and described her recovery as "difficult." 
 In his opinion, it is therefore too early to invest in European government bonds or banks. 
 In his speech, Sarkozy threatened to exclude from the international community those countries that remain tax havens, a statement that caused the refusal of Uruguay and the call to consultation of its ambassador in the European country. 
 In his speech, the minister said he did not agree with the arguments of the project in the sense that the federal executive cannot structure through general rules the measures for the public administration to get prepared. 
 In Isfahan, Iran, several hundred university students created a live chain around Isfahan Uranium Conversion Facility. 
 In its last report, AIEA mentions "strong indications that the development by Iran" of a system of nuclear detonation "was aided by the work of a foreign expert, who not only knew this technique well, but who also informed the Agency that he had worked for most of his career on this technology in the military nuclear programme of his country of origin." 
 In its recent report, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) stated that everything leads to the conclusion that Iran has not stopped striving for a nuclear weapon. 
 In January 2010 she was discharged under less-than-honorable terms, preventing her from receiving any benefits. 
 In June at Abuja, Boko Haram takes a secured police QG during a suicide attack,its first. 
 In June, Kerry and McCain introduced a resolution authorizing the limited use of U.S. military forces in Libya. 
 Injured people at punch-up in fast food restaurant 
 In March, 58 senators voted in favor of a non-binding resolution supporting the idea of such an amendment. 
 In October, Tymoshenko was sentenced to seven years in prison for entering into what was reported to be a disadvantageous gas deal with Russia. 
 In one experiment, the birds quickly learnt that they had to knock over a platform to get to a moth larva. 
 In order to please the widest possible young audience, the soundtrack is 'flecked in from all quarters'; but there probably will not be many people buying the game because of its music. 
 In recent days, Italy's borrowing costs have soared dangerously and the prime ministers of both Italy and Greece have resigned. 
 In recent months, this support became more and more evident from the developments and statements by Boko Haram and from its methods of operation, which increasingly include resort to kamikazes and to increasingly complex explosive engines of the same type as those used by Aqmi. 
 Inscription of a budgetary "golden rule" in the constitution 
 In search of the fingerprint 
 Inside I rejoice, as she is so much easier to dress than, say, Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, who has recently gained about a ton (please, understand I am exaggerating), or the very young Selena Gomez. 
 Instead, it is horribly like "a condemned man being strangled secretly." 
 Instead of a dictator, a society consisting of competing tribes will be united by Koran. 
 Instead, praise from politicians and the public focuses largely on the depth of a service member's suffering. 
 Institution with a Good Reputation 
 In telling a German schoolgirl's story he says: "Ersatz, everywhere ersatz." 
 Interrogators often falsely signal that an interview is over just to look for that post-interview relief. 
 Interviewed about the possibility of the "vote by vote," Maria de los Angeles Llanderal stated that with the adoption of the appropriate guidelines by the General Council of the MEI it will be possible to perform partial and total counts of the vote by the local electoral body. 
 In the 111th Congress, lawmakers offered 77 such amendments, and they introduced 66 in the 110th. 
 In the 1930s, Watson approached employee care similarly to Baťa in the Czech Republic - people from IMB were among the first American employees to have a paid holiday, insurance from their employer, an elegant uniform, and a sophisticated system of bonuses for the best inventors and businessmen. 
 In the case of a leak, the gas contained in the gasduct therefore escapes into the air. 
 In the case of systematically controlled certificates valid for more than 45 days, 11% cases were found to be "inappropriate or unjustified" out of 1,2 million, equal to 132 000. 
 In the Czech Republic, only 23% of schoolchildren's families have breakfast together. 
 In the end, one officer and one protester were hospitalized. 
 In the evening, in the ceremonial National House in Vinohrady, there will be a "Students for Velvet" concert, featuring university choirs, including those from the Charles University. 
 In the formation of a pothole, he said, the first to wear is the rolling covering and only after that is affected the asphalt, but the damage does not happen instantly, it is a process that should be attended at the first signs with appropriate maintenance programs. 
 In the last few years, IMB has been organising jams, on-line brainstorming sessions, from which many future strategies and innovations arise. 
 In the opening article on stylist training, I was complaining a bit about the amount of information in the introductory lessons. 
 In the past, he has already announced he can imagine his cooperation with Jindřich Rajchl, whom he recognises for his legal education; he is well aware of the fact that his rival candidate should become his first Vice President. 
 In the same way as a surgeon would find it difficult to work in a country with a shortage of anaesthetists, the complementarities existing between locals and immigrants bring it about that the arrival of immigrants has a positive effect on the pay of locals. 
 In the scene, Peters, a well known Canadian comedian of Indian origin who recently appeared as a presenter on the tour of "My Violent Torpedo of Truth" by Charlie Sheen appears as Joseph. 
 In the second century, we hope to be able to achieve even more," says current company Director, Samuel J. Palmisano, on the occasion of the anniversary. 
 In the second half, Czech football was lucky to maintain its luxury lead from the home return match, and will again feature at the European Championship. 
 In the style of Reagan 
 In this case, variability is key. 
 In this game Nintendo winks to the fans of the series and repeats the successful formula of the previous games, the plumber with mustache will have to go through dangerous mined platforms in order to free princess Peach. 
 In this place he remained for 49 days following the pronunciation of a second restriction order after the prosecutor dismissed the crimes of bribery and organized crime. 
 In this poor region, the association is enjoying rapid success. 
 In this regard, she appreciated the roles of both the Czech Republic and Herman Van Rompuy in pushing forward the rule based on which, all topics influencing the entire EU should be negotiated by all member states, and not just those belonging into the Eurozone. 
 In this regard, she said that it would be a mistake to link cooperation with developing countries in times of economic boom, as it is a "continuing obligation." 
 In this regard, the President of the General Council of Michoacán Electoral Institute (MEI), Maria de los Angeles Llanderal Zaragoza, recalled that a few days ago, the last November 9th, the electoral body approved a set of guidelines in order to harmonize the local regulations with the electoral federal reform. 
 In this respect, the palinode of a true-false Greek referendum will have a double revelatory value, that of a need of a powerful reversal of policy, but also that of the worrying sentiment of its impossibility and of its incongruity. 
 In this sense, he added that "it is necessary to put an end to impunity and to be strongly against the incivility that has been generated on the farm." 
 In this translation from the Swedish by Peter Graves, Mr. Englund's prose is supple but unshowy, perfectly suited to his humane task. 
 In this year's third quarter, Czech economy showed an interim increase of 1.5%; however, it stagnated between the quarters. 
 In this year's third quarter, the Czech economy showed an interim increase of 1.5%. 
 In total therefore, 169 000 cases were "unjustified," out of several million of employees issued with certificates. 
 Investment by Warren Buffett is considered a knighthood in the financial world. 
 Investment is intended to improve the availability of locomotives and the rail network, even in the face of extreme weather conditions. 
 Investors are no longer looking at only Italy; they now focus on Spain, France, Austria, and others. 
 In videos shot by Kelly in the first few weeks, she is seen in her hospital bed, her head shaved and a long scar across her forehead. 
 In view of the (0-0), on Friday in the hell of Zenica it is clear that the games are not over. 
 In your opinion, the council should ensure that the band immediately above the Ronda de Dalt should provide in its entirety, an area of equipment to conduct a smooth transition between the city and the green. 
 Iranian Students Are Prepared to Die for Their Country's Nuclear Program 
 "I read a lot, I believe a lot in literature, I think it is a form of culturalization, and I definitely think that the book that marked my childhood is "The little Prince' is a pretty deep book. 
 "I really do not like all the abbreviations, foreign words, and jargon no one understands. 
 Ireland kept up the pace, but had to wait until the 23rd minute when Robbie Keane from Los Angeles had the first clean shot on goal. 
 "I remember the day when the verdict was read," Lyman says. 
 "I respect my wife's decision." 
 Iris Meder, however, was at one point disappointed in her search for beautiful bathing places. When she tried to visit the outdoor pool at the Czech baths of Luhatschowitz, she found the area sealed off. 
 Ir rests on the bottom of the sea, at an average depth of 200 metres. 
 Is it true that you know its work, especially Eddie Vedder, and that's why you chose it for the opening? 
 I spent several years surveying the scientific findings in the vast and ever emerging body of knowledge on deception, and it is clear that deception detection is a modern skill that is easy to learn and helpful in navigating our complex world -- especially if your professional responsibilities include hiring, interviewing, negotiating or managing. 
 "Is this a revival of the bloody ideology?" was the headline of the internet edition of the Turkish newspaper Haberturk. 
 It actually turns out to be good for the game, because this feature does not get to be boring; within what was already said, it is one of the things that make the game more entertaining. 
 Italian and Spanish rates substantially above 6% 
 It contains few big names, major treaties or famous battles; there are almost no ambassadors, dashing journalists or discussions of tactics and materiel. 
 It could have been ten times its size, could have been the Microsoft of the 90s... 
 "It does not matter whether this is about starving people or the reputation of Deutsche Bank." 
 It finally looks like Republicans and Democrats on Capitol Hill are ready to agree on something related to the uprising in Libya. 
 It got a lot worse in April 2008. 
 "It happened to us in the previous administration because the State did not have the financial capacity to participate and the programs continued advancing, and this year in order to access these programs we had to get the resources to cover what the state left pending," he explained. 
 It has continued the investments even after 2008, when the modern economic crisis first hit the world. 
 It has its headquarters at Zug in Switzerland, where taxation is particularly favourable. 
 It helps provide a reference point for measuring changes later. 
 I think it's partly because we have nine discs and we can play more than 120 songs and everyone likes different songs, so it's difficult to choose which songs to play every night. 
 I think that when you grow up and there was some trauma in your life and you lost a family member or friend, these things start to influence your art and your music and these two songs certainly represent that for me. 
 I think we write very good songs and at the beginning was a great thing. 
 "I thought he seemed cold and inhuman," one Utoya survivor told Norwegian broadcaster NRK. 
 "I thought I was going to go into labor - I ran screaming from the courtroom." 
 I thought, no, he's 19. 
 It is a corrective too to the notion that World War I was only about the dire trench warfare on the Western Front. 
 "It is a fundamental issue we cannot exist without," Pelta claims. 
 "It is a good result, which nevertheless involves a certain risk" 
 It is all Europe, which is humiliated on the international scene. 
 It is also very strange that a band like yours remains united with the same members for so long. 
 "It is a real achievement to harmonise such different architectural styles so brilliantly," says Meder. 
 It is a scent of adventure, of hours sent in writing by a the light of a candle. 
 It is a surprise though, that these parts are much less in number than you would expect (just three to be precise). 
 "It is beginning to stink," is the title of the column by Ahmet Külahci. 
 It is clear, nonetheless, that investment banking must shrink significantly. 
 It is difficult to establish a profile of the typical purchaser, because the notebook attracts equally a businessman, a student and a professional. 
 It is hardly necessary to speak about mentalities, which do change, but too slowly. 
 It is hated by environmentalists but loved by labor groups, who have banked on the estimated 20,000 jobs tied to the pipeline. 
 It is healthy that an electoral rendezvous should be an occasion for reflecting on such stakes and the place occupied by nuclear power. 
 It is important to think about the graphic part of styling. 
 It is known that since the time of Napoleon it was a matter of faculty of thinking. 
 It is like a never ending story. 
 It is no surprise that the ideas are plentiful - the company employs nearly half a million people. 
 "It is not an option, it is an imperative, because where do we find employment for tens of millions of our young men and women." 
 "It is not between people from Bohemia and Moravia, but there are attempts at purposeful adjustment of regulations." 
 It is not important whether the reason you do not get bored is the concept with fifty unique tracks, ordering of races, or something else. 
 It is politicised and demands rigid respect of sharia, whilst its militants engage in a struggle with the impious central government. 
 It is President Calderon's home state, and he chose Michoacan to launch a military-led offensive against traffickers in December 2006. 
 It is quite likely that they will not. The West will then finally be able to boast about its selfless protection of human rights. 
 It is scheduled to supply gas for the equivalent of 30 million homes. 
 It is time to define the winners. 
 It led the "league tables" that documented the success of the banks at that time. 
 It made the architect so famous that he also built Austria's pavilion at the next world's fair. 
 "It makes me happy." 
 It makes no difference when you get to them; everything is set so that the situation always occurs just in front of your nose. 
 "I told her, "I have no interest in what you say or think.'" 
 "I told him before the match he would score a hat-trick." 
 It only became clear in 2007 that something was really going very wrong at UBS. 
 It points out that while there were no layoffs on Staten Island and few layoffs in schools in the Upper East Side or TriBeCa, 17 school aides lost their jobs in District 23 in Brownsville, Brooklyn, and 46 were let go in Districts 8 and 9 in the South Bronx. 
 It promised to shift the old Need For Speed racing series in a new direction; the demos made it look like a game that might stand up in the action racing genre. 
 "I try to be objective." 
 "It's a brigade without bullets." 
 It's almost a recurrent theme to make use of when two members of this ancient lineage of elected persons recognize themselves in an elevator. 
 It's amazing when a movement arises from a group of friends and it is unusual. 
 "It's a ship without sailors." 
 Its distributes its notebooks to Fnac libraries, small shops in town centres and has succeeded in becoming well known. 
 It seems that the nightmare lived by the neighbors residing in 51 Balmes Street has come to an end. 
 "It should be assumed that the largest park in Barcelona is the beach. 
 It should be recalled that the energy policy of our country made it possible to establish an industrial line of 125 000 direct jobs and 410 000 resulting ones. 
 It should be remembered that 85% of Canadians are in favour of euthanasia, because according to an Angus Reid enquiry in 2010, they believe that it would allow persons at the end of their lives to alleviate their suffering. 
 It's interesting because I think there are a couple of songs on the album that may appear lighter, but there are songs like The End or Just Breathe that are qualified as very dark although they can sound a little positive. 
 Its inventions include, for example, the cash point, pay card, financial swap, bar code, and floppy disc. 
 It's nothing new: The two justices have been attending Federalist Society events for years. 
 "It's not ideal." 
 It's not so much a book about what happened, he explains, as "a book about what it was like." It's about "feelings, impressions, experiences and moods." 
 It's one thing to read posthumous appraisals of Jobs" career, but there's something raw and inspiring about the Jobs we see here, the anxious dreamer on the brink of greatness. 
 It's part of what made the Macintosh great, was that the people who were working on it were musicians, poets, artists, zoologists, historians who just happened to be the best computer scientists in the world. 
 "It's quite a new way of doing research," Bartlett says. 
 It's rarely news when a company gets an order for 50 units of its product. 
 Its ratification would require 226 votes. 
 It steams during the winter from three open-topped shells dwarfed by the Ötztal mountains behind it. 
 It's time for the military to modernize as well, Burke says. 
 It surely is a nice entertainment, but prepare to be blinded by the mistakes with the strength of airport spotlights. 
 Its victory moved Philadelphia onto the top of the Eastern Conference. 
 It took the name of IBM in 1924. Originally, this was a brand used for company's branches in Canada and South America. 
 It took us almost 21 years to get to Costa Rica, thanks for waiting so long and we regret that it took us so long to get here. 
 It was also necessary to multiply steps of protecting the fauna and the flora. 
 "It was appropriate to do it when the smallest number of people were in the park," he said. 
 It was as big as a suitcase, had a small cathode ray tube display, and I fell in love with it. 
 It was in fact Anglo-Saxon investment banking that changed UBS, brought in its first big profits - and then the debacle. No other European financial institution has lost as much money in the subprime jungle as the major Swiss bank. 
 It was October 2008, and she was heading back to her barracks at Miramar Air Station, just north of San Diego, after dinner with a friend when she ran into a male colleague carrying a 12-pack of beer. 
 It was only following Jobs" death that a complete VHS copy was discovered in the director's garage. 
 It was the second year of the Obesity is No Accident event supported by both Všeobecná zdravotní pojišťovna insurance company and Unilever. 
 "It will take five or six years before the situation becomes somewhat stable, calm, and before all players get used to their new roles," EU Ambassadress Milena Vicenová opened her lecture at the Law Department sharply. 
 "It would be so much easier if he did." 
 It would carry 700,000 barrels per day from the province of Alberta to refineries in Texas. 
 I've been a lifelong critic of the Feres Doctrine. 
 I've been to Costa Rica only once, on vacation, it is a beautiful country and I think we'll be able to stay a few days there. 
 "I want to assist him." 
 "I want to avoid all kinds of representative nonsense, as at the previous general meeting," says the owner of Viktorie Plzeň, who is a candidate for the first time; and in his statements he chiefly stood against Pelta. 
 "I want to go forward, assures the Lillois. 
 "I want to make football for everyone, because then everyone has a good time, not just the chosen few," Rajchl said. 
 "I wish he looked like a monster, but he doesn't," a relative of one victim said. 
 "I wish I had listened to my instincts." 
 I won't give it away. 
 "Í would also try to end all affairs, starting from the Bohemians case or the aftermath of last year's corruption scandal." 
 Jakub reminded us that fashion is an illusion, and a stylist should be able to use this fact. 
 "Japan is fighting to reconstruct itself " since the earthquake and the tsunami on 11 March, which devastated the region of Tohoku (north-east), stressed M. Noda who fears that this rise of the yen does not kill the fragile embryonic recovery. 
 Jets" goals, which interrupted a five-match series of losses, were shared by five different scorers. 
 Jimenez found that microcredit supposes "a serious and rigorous policy dedicated to eradicating poverty," and now "more than ever," the governments of developed countries must work under the criteria of solidarity and not let this fall as victim of adjustments. 
 Jiracek scores for the Czech Republic 
 Jobs goes on to detail one glorious prank that he and Wozniak nearly pulled of, ringing the Vatican via the Blue Box in the middle of the night and requesting to speak to the Pope, while doing their very best impression of Henry Kissinger. 
 Jobs recounts the "Blue Box" that he built with Steve Wozniak - a device that allowed people to effectively hack the phone company and make long distance calls for free. 
 Judge Torkjel Nesheim interrupted Breivik during that monologue because he "did not want to give Breivik the opportunity to use this hearing as a platform for him to express his views." 
 Jürgens also expressed her opinion on the criticism of the noise the birds make. "The noise conveys a lot of information. They have a lot to say to each other." 
 Jürgens was a co-founder of the Ascherberg crow educational trail in Schleswig-Holstein, where notice boards provide information about the life of the highly intelligent rook. 
 Just as big is where Boeing got the order: the Middle East, a growing gold mine of future airplane orders. 
 Just as not everything that glitters is gold, not everything you touch turns into a footprint. 
 Just as sophisticated is IBM's long-term relationship with customers. 
 Just look at Madonna, who is no miraculous singer, yet her image and marketing turned her into a worldwide star. 
 Just two weeks earlier, the Turkish Community in Berlin had commemorated the fiftieth anniversary of the German-Turkish bilateral agreement on labour recruitment in a ceremony with German and Turkish politicians. 
 Kagan has given no indication she will do so. 
 Kagan served as solicitor general in the Obama administration when the first legal challenges to the law were brought at the trial court level. 
 Key events: 
 King Abdallah II of Jordan yesterday became the first Arab leader to call on president Bachar al-Assad to relinquish power in Syria, where some forty civilians and members of the armed forces of the regime were killed. 
 Konstantin Vassiljev equalised for the away team in the 57th minute. 
 Krischanitz stated recently that the pavilion "from Brussels" had been tough - a typical "drop in the city" story. 
 Krischanitz was then the ideal choice to carry out the project. 
 LaBelle angrily admonished the pregnant woman. 
 LaBelle lunged at the mom -- who was still holding Genevieve -- and had to be restrained by her entourage and pulled out to a waiting car, Roseanna Monk said. 
 LaBelle's lawyer and representatives did not return calls for comment. 
 "Lack of facts," Mr. Englund observes, "has been padded out with guesses, suppositions, hopes, fears, idées fixes, conspiracy theories, dreams, nightmares and rumors." 
 Last Christmas it claimed an attack, which left 80 dead at Jos and then more at Abuja. 
 Lastly, concerning palliative sedation already widely used in Canadian health institutions,the committee asks that it should be considered where it only serves to reduce physical pain, as does euthanasia and that it should be subject to the same procedures. 
 Lastly, long-term unemployment is very widespread, being 85% for the handicapped versus 38% on an average. 
 Last week, AIEA announced its serious disquiet concerning a "possible military dimension" of the Iranian nuclear programme. 
 Last week during an interview in Nigeria with president Goodluck Jonathan, Alain Juppé warned against Boko Haram and declared himself ready to share all intelligence. 
 Last week French president Nicolas Sarkozy was caught on an open microphone asserting to U.S. President Barack Obama that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is a liar. 
 Later, the family sent a note asking for an apology from LaBelle but got no response. 
 Later while at Apple, he recalls the struggles he faced in developing a computer mouse: 
 "Laurent Blanc was a thunderbolt, he enthuses. 
 Leap into the water 
 Lectures by three experts from the field; dressing tips for difficult figures; and a seminar on how it works in practise. 
 Led by superstar Cristiano Ronaldo who scored in the 8th and 53rd minutes, Portugal beat Bosnia-Herzegovina 6:2 (2:1), rounding off their fifth Euro appearance perfectly after 0:0 in the first leg. 
 Lee Howell, the managing director of the World Economic Forum, likewise questioned why India's reserves should be used to keep Greece's numerous and well-paid public sector workers in jobs in poorly managed, loss-making utilities like the railways. 
 Let is be so. 
 Let's be frank, this is probably the nature all women. 
 Liars do look you in the eye. 
 Libya's Victory 
 Libya will become a crime free country, as the punishment for stealing is having one's hand amputated. 
 Libya will be in an order we cannot imagine and surely would not ask for. 
 "Limiting something is setting up the next step," meaning, overcoming. 
 "Lisbon Treaty caused significant imbalance between individual institutions." 
 Location of the impact. 
 Long before he led the revival of Apple, Jobs presciently foresaw the ways in which so many industry leaders would stumble in their vision, and lose control of their market share. 
 Looking for alternatives in the cities 
 Looking inward, at about three meters, they located the bodies of three people, so they immediately gave notice to the corresponding authorities. 
 Lopez Cervantes said that in the increase of unemployment there is also a demographic factor. 
 Lopez Loredo said that the events such as early frost this year stopped the state economy and its performance and growth were restricted. 
 Lower liquidity 
 Luck also smiled on trainer Michal Bilek's team and Bundesliga legionaries Michael Kadlec (Bayer Leverkusen) and Tomas Pekhart (1st FC Nuremberg) with a potentially catastrophic error early on. 
 Lugar's spokesman said Monday that he had not seen the final version of the new bill yet. 
 Lying has destroyed careers and convulsed countries. 
 Lyman was ordered to visit a military psychiatrist, who eventually diagnosed her with a personality disorder, rendering her unfit for service. 
 Maître Pierre Deschamps, a specialist in health legislation, described as "extreme" the position of the experts who signed the report, because among other things, it does not restrict the practice of euthanasia to terminal cases. 
 making him a cult figure for countless investors around the world. 
 Many banking customers would also take direct action if they discover that their bank is involved in such trading. According to the survey, one in two would withdraw investments that end up in commodities speculation. 
 Many Middle East airlines are owned by their oil-producing nations. 
 Many of the heated outdoor baths in Switzerland and Austria, on the other hand, offer spectacular views. You can view all of Zurich from a rooftop bath or look out on the snow-capped Arlberg from an outdoor pool in St. Anton. And there is a window in the steam bath giving a view of the action on the ski piste. 
 Many of these are about deprivation and making do. 
 Many people do not know our work. 
 Margaret Somerville, who is herself a member of the Royal Society of Canada, contests, in particular, the data of the report concerning abuses in certain countries where euthanasia and assisted suicide have been legalised as in The Netherlands and in Oregon. 
 Maria Sebregondi, then a consultant of the company, has assumed responsibility for the launch of the new product. 
 "Mario is the character who has to say how it should work the stereoscopy without glasses," said the press head of Nintendo in Spain, Omar Alvarez, during the presentation of the game in Madrid. 
 Mario pleased me by praising my job. 
 Mass Slaughter on a Personal Level 
 Maybe, if men realised that, women would not have to boss them around so much... 
 Mayor Bloomberg told reporters that, because of that court order, the city had suspended the reopening of the public space and protesters were informed, however, that local laws do not allow them to re-install with camping shops and sleeping bags. 
 Meanwhile, Gilberto Lopez Meyer, general director of Airports and Auxiliary Services, said that at the time of the impact, the Presidential helicopter was operating in cruising speed and that this happened in a soft ascending land. 
 Meanwhile, in 1964, IBM developed the first computer family - the IBM line System/360. 
 Meanwhile, the journalist Guido Hoyos, of Cromos magazine considers that the error of the Valley of Cauca were the surgical interventions she suffered. 
 Me Deschamps also stresses that the authors of the report appear to place the independence of the person above all other values which contribute to the fabric of society 
 Medicalisation or not, 77% of Canadians do not have access to palliative care, report experts appointed by the Royal Society of Canada. 
 Mentors who should be teaching the opposite are sending a message that lying and cheating are acceptable. 
 Michoacan has long been dominated by drug cartels specializing in marijuana, heroin and methamphetamines. 
 Migrants are also net contributors to social systems, averaging 1% of the total budgets of European countries. 
 Miguel Loredo Lopez, president of the National Chamber of Transformation Industry, said that during 2011 there was a lack of harmonization of the wills of various sectors, including the state government itself. 
 Miguel Roldan, Daniel Modolo and Mara Bayona: the competition is appropriate 
 Military Faces Mounting Pressure to Crack Down on Rape 
 Minister of Education, Youth, and Sports, Josef Dobeš, would like to force the split parties inside the strongest sports association in the country to reach an agreement. 
 Mission over, Congress ready to agree on Libya 
 M. Monti commented on the nervousness of the stockmarkets here, asking them for time. 
 M. Monti, known for his competence and for his independence when he was European Commissioner (1994-2004), represents a "change of epoch" for Italy after 17 years of "berlusconism," the "professor" symbolising "the challenge of seriousness" and "another Italy," according to the leaderwriters. 
 Modolo, as Roland and Bayona with experience in the urban world, called the proposal "intellectual challenge" with "some dangers." 
 Mohammed Yusuf, arrested alive, was killed in prison. 
 Moleskine, a brand card. 
 Moleskine is crossing the Italian frontiers and is exporting to 70 countries, from France to the USA. 
 Montenegro had its best opportunities when the Stevan Jovetic and Dejan Damjanovic duo were on the field. 
 Months later, Giffords is seen sitting up in a wheelchair as therapists teach her how to perform simple actions. 
 Monti began on Monday his consultations with the political parties, unions and business groups, as well as with youth and women organizations. 
 Monti demands time from the markets and sacrifices from Italians 
 Monti has completed the process of forming a government in less than three days, much less than the normal, while Italy fought a political and financial crisis that has driven the cost of its debt to unsustainable levels. 
 Monti has said that his government would last until the next elections scheduled for 2013, despite the widespread predictions that politicians would only give him time to implement the reforms before moving forward with the elections. 
 Monti's chances of success were considerably boosted by the support of the LDP party of Silvio Berlusconi, who was forced to resign on Saturday due to the crisis. 
 Monti's new government must have a strong parliamentary support for applying the reforms that are likely to be unpopular austerity reforms. 
 "Monti spoke about an important programme involving a lot of sacrifices," said Francesco Nucara, a deputy of one of the numerous small parliamentary groups taking part in the discussions after meeting the prime minister-designate. 
 Monti was appointed on Sunday by Napolitano, who has enabled an extremely rapid transition in response to the crisis. 
 Moodboard, as the result is called, then expresses our personal style and attitude to graphic depiction. 
 Moreno suggests that students' peers, such as residential advisors, could monitor the site and intervene to help a student who posts one too many boozy status updates. 
 Moreover, it was accompanied by a comparison, in figures, with the New York Central Park. 
 Moreover, it was the foundation of company culture Watson was building carefully. 
 Moreover, the families of obese children do not practise sports. However, this concerns a majority of families of current schoolchildren - only 15% of the children said their parents find time for sports activities at least once a week. 
 Moreover, Vicenová praised the work of new long-term President of the European Council, Herman Van Rompuy: 
 More than lost points, the home trainer was sorry for high sick rate in the back, as the match was finished with just five defenders. 
 Most often, Czechs spent their holiday at home, which resulted in great number of cottages and summer houses, a habit that survives until now. 
 Most of the arrests were for "disorderly conduct and resisting arrest," he said. 
 Mr. Browne said about 142 people were arrested in the park. 
 Mr. Browne said television camera trucks on Church Street, along the park's western border, were able to capture images. 
 Mr. Englund discussed the soldiers who actively tried to catch a venereal disease from prostitutes as a way to evade service at the front. 
 Mr. Englund is a Swedish historian and journalist. 
 Mr. Englund's volume joins an unconventional pantheon. 
 Mr. Kelly said many people, almost like commuters, had been coming and going from the park during the day, making 1 a.m. a good time to move in. 
 Mr. Kelly, while present, was "not directing operations," Mr. Browne said. 
 Mr Nag predicted that any Asian support would be channelled through the IMF, but said bilateral assistance -- like buying the bonds of the EU's bail-out fund, the European financial stability facility -- offered greater bargaining power to Europe's Asian partners. 
 Mr Nag said that the eurozone crisis threatened "significant knock-on effects" across Asia. 
 Mrs. Sofia: "They are instruments of progress and hope" 
 MSS announces a protocol for finding obesity gene 
 Muammar Kaddafi is buried at an unknown place in the desert. Without him, the war is over. 
 Mujica travels to Mexico to strengthen political ties 
 Mujica will meet next Wednesday his Mexican equal, Felipe Calderon, the highest point of an extensive agenda of meetings with political, commercial authorities and a meeting with the community of Uruguayans living in Mexico, according to the schedule released by the Uruguayan Presidency. 
 Multispeed Europe Is Coming 
 Nani (24th minute), Helder Postiga (72nd and 82nd) and Miguel Veloso (80th) scored the other goals for Portugal. 
 Naturally, you mean well, you just want everything to be perfect. 
 Nearly everyone - regardless of their weight - drinks sweet soft drinks every day (70%). 
 Nearly no excitement in the first half, and a great portion of luck in the other. 
 "Nervous investors are only too aware of the risk of contagion," explains Terry Pratt, an institutional broker at IG Markets quoted by Reuter. 
 Nesheim also ordered police to hold Breivik in custody for 12 more weeks, banned him from accessing media for four weeks, and said that authorities will have tight control over all visits and correspondence for eight weeks. 
 "Nevertheless, I can still feel a strong support in the Czech chamber that elected me its Vice President, and can see I have achieved some clear successes," Rajchl said. Among his successes, he includes the saving of dozens of millions of Crowns on disadvantageous contracts, negotiating TV contracts, and negotiations about the lottery law. 
 Nevertheless, the Moleskine notebook as we know it today, was born in 1997. 
 Nevertheless, there are only five restarts available per each race. 
 New Era of Crisis Commences 
 New York congressman and Internet flasher Anthony Weiner made a fool of himself issuing denials quickly contradicted by incontrovertible evidence. 
 Next to the building there is a nightclub, Balmes 51, which has also been damaged. 
 Nicolas Sarkozy wished at the start of his mandate to look for missing points of growth "with the teeth." 
 Nine separate bills have been introduced in Congress by a bipartisan mix of senators and representatives, proposing a range of fixes. 
 Ninety days later, we had a mouse we could build for $15 that was incredibly reliable. 
 No agreement was reached as to who is entitled to vote at the general meeting - whether the statutory representatives only, or also officials given power of attorney. 
 No arrests were made in the park until about 3:30 a.m., Mr. Kelly said. 
 Nobody knows why they do what they do, nobody thinks about things very deeply in business. 
 "Nobody wants the eurozone to remain unstable and turbulent," he said. 
 No,democracy requires a lot more, a public space, a public spirit, values, an organisation, a separation and control of powers, education, the Lumieres, economic and social solidarity, justice. 
 No more than eleven percent think it is legitimate for Deutsche Bank to offer investments that bet on the price of foodstuffs. 
 Nonetheless, it continued to be used until contemporary art in Vienna was given a new home. 
 No one was hurt. 
 "Nor do I consider that if made would affect the autonomy of the regulatory body," and recalled that the planning of public policies in strategic areas such as the telecommunications sector correspond to the federal executive, who has a constitutional mandate, the guidance of the State. 
 "Normal displacement and deterrence does nothing," said town and country planner Werner Klöver from Leer. 
 "No, stresses Eric Blanchet, Director-General of Adapt, the association which organises the week for the employment of the handicapped." 
 Not all of its products fitted the taste of both the customers and period. For example, IBM failed with its own operating system OS/2; Prodigy on-line services; and IBM PCjr computers. 
 No tents were touched until 1:45 a.m., the police said, giving the protesters time to gather their belongings. 
 Nothing difficult. 
 Not however forgetting the notion of "pleasing." 
 Noting the loss of five out of eight school aides employed by Public School 36 in Harlem, where 68 percent of the students live in poverty, the lawsuit says, "This is not a neighborhood of well-heeled parents who can fund-raise to make up the budget shortfalls." 
 Not long after spelling it all out here he went and did it. 
 Not long after their 20-minute phone conversation, Jobs landed a part-time summer job at Hewlett-Packard. 
 Not only because Europe means peace, but because "nine million jobs depend directly on the Euro." 
 Not that you should stop looking after yourself, but many men are literary allergic to their partners" constant complaints about their looks. 
 Now, according to the experts who also reviewed the position of all countries where these actions have been legalised or decriminalised, there is no proof that the aid decriminalisation involves abuses of application, that is to say, the practice of euthanasia, or of assisted suicide on persons who are not competent, or not consenting. 
 Now granted, many of those are white lies. 
 Now I also know that in the picture, a piece of clothing often looks and functions in combination with others completely different from reality. 
 Now that these questions are being discussed, the majority are also relaunching the subject of fraud, targeting abuses linked to medical certificates. 
 Now that we are 7 thousand million human beings on the planet, demographic development will involve a doubling of demand for electricity by 2050, unless a huge proportion of the world's population is deprived of a vital element. 
 Now the big question many are asking is: 
 Now the sect will become radicalised and will leave its northern fiefs. 
 Now the Senate may be ready to act. 
 Numerous new regional trains have been waiting for years for approval from the Federal Railway Office. 
 Obama, in a written statement last week, described the decision as the State Department's call, and expressed support for it. 
 Observe your subject's posture, laugh, vocal quality. 
 Obviously, your rival has to get in front of you no matter what. 
 Officers found the pepper spray in a bin near the underground station. 
 Officials had prepared by watching how occupations in other cities played out. 
 Officials increased so-called disorder training - counterterrorism measures that involve moving large numbers of police officers quickly - to focus on Lower Manhattan. 
 Of the 22 players called in Spain, ten passed 50 international games. 
 Of the seven lophoscopists working in the branch of CTI, this week it was the turn of "availability' for Eleazar Gonzalez, a man of Puerto Tejada, who had spent 21 years working in the area of judicial investigation. 
 Of this sum, 46% concerned maternity leave and accidents at work and 54% sick leave benefit at 6,2 thousand million Euros. 
 On a given day, studies show, you may be lied to anywhere from 10 to 200 times. 
 On arrival after 3 complete days of travel at a speed of 3 metres per second, it delivers precise information concerning any metal deformation. 
 Once again Cauca Valley remains with the desire of the crown of Miss Colombia. 
 Once reached the goal of bringing 500 to 600 children, the study will continue in the Independence Sport Unit (South the Mexico City) and finally in the Morelos Sports Unit (North the Mexico City). 
 On Costa Rican side, and close to Michael Umana, are the left-lateral Junior Diaz, with 48 matches and the striker Bryan Ruiz, with 45. 
 One book can tell you where the water is at its best. 
 One can understand the attempt at making the game more interesting and adrenalin-filled, but it is so obvious it gets annoying quickly. 
 "One day, I asked myself why swimming baths always have to be so ugly," says Vienna-based Meder. 
 One has a short neck, the other has a boyish figure without proper curves, yet another is overweight. 
 One in two people would withdraw commodities investments 
 One is far away from the 2008 republican candidate John McCain, a foreign policy heavyweight. 
 One is whether a lobbyist hired by TransCanada, Paul Elliott, who was a campaign adviser to Hillary Clinton in 2008, represents a conflict of interest for the program. 
 One manager after the next had to go as the attempts to clean up proved more difficult than anticipated. 
 One newspaper speaks of a "bloody ideology" that is now resurfacing. 
 One of his priorities would be the strengthening of relations between FAČR and the Czech Olympic Committee, with whose support he would lobby at the political top to get more money for sports from the lottery tax. 
 One of the men wore a yellow t-shirt with black jeans, with no shoes, and near him there was one man with white under vest. 
 One place where decay has been stopped in its tracks is a magical swimming bath in the Black Forest - the Palais Thermal in Bad Wildbad. 
 One result of the research is that most old myths about lying have been debunked. 
 One thing is clear - risk management in the investment banking division is still not working. 
 One thus does not feel the game keeps offering the same things. 
 On Facebook, it's impossible to know how much of a user's profile information and wall posts are true. 
 On falling in love with technology (and cold-calling Bill Hewlett): 
 On Friday night he went from Cauca with a helicopter, to Palmira. 
 On how he learned to run a business: 
 On improvising innovation: 
 On innovation as art form: 
 Only 9% of Canadians agree to speak with their doctor when they want to die and take steps to that end. 
 Only one, Three Mile Island, occurred under normal operating conditions, but without any human or environmental consequences. 
 Only Zaldivar, Jorge Mario Pardo, Margarita Luna and Sánchez Cordero voted for the project. 
 On Monday, Antonis Samaras, the leader of the Right, gave his support to already approved measures to try and emerge from the debt crisis, but warned that his party would not support additional austerity. 
 On Monday, Breivik, who admitted to a killing spree in Norway in July which left 77 people dead, faced his first public court hearing. 
 On Monday, the legal representative of Red Casino, Victor Aldo Garcia Gomez, appeared before the judge José Luis Pecina to seek pardon for the regional mayor's brother, so that in the coming hours he might regain his freedom. 
 On Monday, the microblog site Twitter introduced changes in the presentation of its platform, to allow its users, in particular, to observe the activity of those whom they are monitoring, which makes its service resemble that of Facebook. 
 On November 17, 2008, the USA removed visa requirements for Czech tourists. Our country has thus permanently joined the world's most developed countries. 
 On November 4th the lophoscopist of Cali CTI passed into history as the man who confirmed the identity of the FARC top leader, "Alfonso Cano, through the comparison of his fingerprints. 
 On October 19th he was transferred to Cadereyta allegedly for blackmailing with a half million of pesos the owners of Red Casino, but he stayed there only a few hours in the medium-security prison because there were death threats against him. 
 On October 25th he an arrest order was issued by the clerk of Second Criminal District Court, Jorge Yanez, who said that after nearly two months of inquiries there was enough evidence to establish the guilt of Jonas, such as the collection of 1.5 million pesos from the representatives of the bookmaker in exchange for allowing the operation of it. 
 On that date, Tokyo sold the yen against the dollar on a massive scale in order to cut the value of the Japanese currency, which was setting a new record of strength since 1945. 
 On the area of the accident there remains undisclosed evidence in the wreckage of the craft, some kind of explosion or fire. 
 On the contrary, affirmed during a teleconference, Jocelyn Downie, who submitted the report, more such cases were found precisely in those countries, where euthanasia and assisted suicide have not been legalised. 
 On the death of the MCB, in 1987, the park was placed again in the minds of many, as the upper limit of Barcelona, ​​being the Catalan capital one of the few that is not oriented towards the north-south but up (mountain) -down (sea). 
 On the delicate question of euthanasia and assisted suicide, the authors of the report arrive at conclusions which oppose the position of the Federal government, which has already said that it does not wish to change anything in the criminal code concerning euthanasia and assisted suicide. 
 On the fence of the country house there are legends directed from one organized crime group to another, and there are several bullet holes in it and in the gate. 
 On their way there, both teams appeared to lack realism. 
 On the network, users debated this innovation via "tweets" on internet. 
 On the other hand, Great Britain, Finland, Poland, the Czech Republic, the Netherlands, Sweden, South Africa, China, India, Brazil to quote only a few, pursue their projects with determination. 
 On the other hand, he considers the fact that the association does not stick together partially as his own fault. 
 On the other hand, in the mountains, you have to be careful not to get under an avalanche. 
 On the Right, the tone was set by Jacques Chirac, who declared in 1976 that "900,000 unemployed would not become a problem in a country with 2 million of foreign workers," and on the Left by Michel Rocard explaining in 1990 that France "cannot accommodate all the world's misery." 
 On the side of Costa Rica only one of 22 called players reached 50 games. 
 On the trade plan, Mexico and Uruguay have in force since 2004 a Free Trade Agreement (FTA) that has increased the exchange of goods between both countries. 
 On top of everything else you sometimes come across the police who make your efforts more difficult. 
 On Tuesday, the dollar fell below 77 yen and the Euro fell under the symbolic bar of 105 yen, close to levels which triggered the last intervention. 
 On Tuesday, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee is to consider a resolution, sponsored by Chairman John Kerry (D-Mass.), along with Sens. John McCain (R-Ariz.) and Joseph I. Lieberman (I-Conn.), applauding Libyans for their successful rebellion and U.S. troops for their "bravery." 
 Order and Cleanliness First 
 Originally, commodity betting was designed as a means of protecting traders against price fluctuations. 
 Other lawmakers have been unsuccessful so far in bringing their amendments to the floor, but not for lack of trying. 
 Other observations are about an old Europe falling away, and about new types of terror. 
 Others argue that developing economies like India have no business helping wealthy Europeans when they face their own profound economic challenges. 
 Others say the site could offer a way to identify and tackle social-health problems. 
 Others would wonder whether there was an "angry, violent veteran beneath the surface," said Cancian, who fought in Iraq and returned to a senior government job in Washington. 
 Other teams of officers were seen gathering on the perimeter to move in if arrests were needed in the park. 
 Otherwise, a project for one of the gates can crash into the program and definition with the project of the architect of the next gate. 
 "Our aim is to drive sustainable growth through informisation in China." 
 "Our idea is that if the court does not allow us to return to camp in the square, we will camp somewhere else and continue the legal battle to return to Zuccotti, and through peaceful sit-ins and demonstrations," said one of the spokesmen of the movement "Occupy Wall Street," Mark Bray. 
 "Our little Belgians become big," he stressed. 
 Our teams, whose professionalism is recognised, are accustomed to the same safety-related obsession. 
 Our work chiefly consists of communicating with people we dress; it is therefore important to be a good psychologist. 
 Out of 1001 delegates, only nine voted against and ten abstained from voting. 
 Over 19% of obese children had fried chips for dinner the day before the research connected to the educational event called Obesity is No Accident. 
 Overall impression of Need for Speed: The Run is quite confused. 
 "Overall I would say that the Government has been striving to be successful in various fields, in terms of economic development there is some progress but it is important to develop a long-term program," he said. 
 Over a third of children between 9 and 13 are overweight; while 9% of schoolchildren are overweight, 5% are obese. 
 Paclík does not consider his connection with the Pilsen club a burden, though he claims that an FAČR President should be a non-party one. 
 Paclík Enters the Presidential Fight As He Cannot See a Suitable Candidate 
 Paclík's motivation to join the fight with Miroslav Pelta and Jindřich Rajchl is to try to prevent Pelta, reportedly the favourite of the elections, from entering the top of the FAČR. 
 Paclík therefore finds it unacceptable for Pelta to become the President. 
 Paddling pools with universal fibre optics and status pools in Budapest. Travellers can experience Europe's incredible water - and relax tired limbs in a Jacuzzi after a city tour or a ramble. 
 Papademos: Greece must implement a new adjustment plan 
 Papademos said that adjustments will be approved, but conservatives will not sign any written commitment 
 Parliamentary support 
 Parliament Does Not Support Amendment Freeing Tymoshenko 
 "Participating choirs include the Choir of the Pedagogical Department and Humanities; Václav Hampl, the Rector, will be in the committee," Jakub Čaloun, head of the organisation team says. 
 Patti LaBelle Sued for Allegedly Causing Toddler to Vomit out of Fear 
 Paul J. Browne, the Police Department's chief spokesman, said it was for their safety. 
 "Payroll personnel would be cut, resulting in late payments to wartime vendors, and legal and policy support would be disrupted." 
 "Peace in Germany depends very strongly on how the entire network is uncovered and on the appropriateness of punishment," writes "Selen." 
 Pedestrian shot with an air rifle from a balcony 
 Pelta Promised New FAČR Regulations That Would Avoid Election Mate 
 Pelta remains an optimist. 
 People behave in unanticipated ways; there is as much base behavior as heroism. 
 "Pepa may return home, but no longer as my partner," Rychtářová explained. 
 Perfect Czech team defence only allowed the Montenegro team to threaten in the second half. 
 Perhaps the most unusual pool design awaits bathers in Längenfeld. The Aqua Dome in Ötztal looks like a UFO has just landed in the Alps. 
 Permanent Dissatisfaction 
 Perspective Technology 
 Peru: 
 Peter Englund's intense and bighearted new book, "The Beauty and the Sorrow: An Intimate History of the First World War," begins with a long dramatis personae of the sort that can make your heart sink. 
 Pfc. Elizabeth Lyman was 25 years old and 11 weeks pregnant the night she says she was raped by a fellow soldier. 
 Phil T. Pulaski, the department's chief of detectives, was also there. 
 Picasso said that good artists copy, great artists steal. 
 "Play with it," he emphasised. 
 Political sources said that the mutual mistrust and disagreement between the parties are complicating the attempt to include political figures. 
 Pool collector Meder was not greeted by the smell of chlorine in every swimming pool. 
 Portillo was acquitted of embezzlement of Q120 million in the Defense Ministry when he was a president, which was the process that preceded the extradition, but the Public Ministry appealed and reopened the case. 
 Portugal got off to a perfect start in Lisbon's Estadio da Luz. 
 Portugal is only 90 minutes away from happiness. 
 Portugal, the Czech Republic, Croatia and Ireland have got the final spots for the Euro 2012 championship in Poland and Ukraine. 
 Possible attack on Iran nuclear facilities has been discussed in Israel. 
 Posts at UBS became a game of musical chairs and remain uncertain to this day. 
 Preliminary results gave the lead in the race for governor of the western state to Fausto Vallejo of the Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI. 
 President Alvaro Colom said on Tuesday that the extradition process of the ex leader Alfonso Portillo has begun in order to respond in the United States of laundering $ 70 million. 
 President Felipe Calderon's sister appears to have lost her bid for governor of Michoacan during violent state elections, and she alleged Monday that drug traffickers helped tip the race in favor of one of her opponents. 
 President Napolitano would like to avoid an early election, because by April 2012 Italy must place State debentures worth 200 thousand million Euros. 
 "Pride" also in inding ass "neighbour" that France has "become again a very high level team" only a little more than one year after the trauma of Knysna. 
 Pride comes before a fall. 
 "Pride" of playing in "a gala match." 
 Prior to the financial crisis of 2008-2009, the dollar was about 120 yen and the Euro over 160 yen. 
 "Processes have been started that may bear fruit in a few years, and I don't want someone else to stop them," he said, in fear that if the other candidate, Miroslav Pelta, is elected, situation f the Association might return to the period before Hašek. 
 "Pronger did great in our zone." 
 Proof: The number of "taxed" establishments, like the sums paid, have fallen between 2007 and 2011, from 59 000 to 46 000 structures (and from 606 to 480 million Euros). 
 P.S. 36"s budget was cut by 3.26 percent this year, and it also lost money when the city changed the way it calculates the extra financing for each poor student schools enroll. 
 Publicly, he has only so far that he and his wife will look for a flat in Zurich. 
 Queen Sofia recalled yesterday that the country has become over the last two decades the second donor in relation to the instruments of cooperation; whose "essence" she said lies in being an "instrument for social progress, justice and hope for a better future for all humanity, based on trust in human beings." 
 Quintet included the country on the tour for celebrating two decades of experience 
 Rafael Herrera, a researcher at the Faculty of Chemistry of UNAM, develops polymer-modified asphalt to produce a mixture with the best performance, regardless of the environmental conditions and temperature 
 Rafael Herrera said that there is still much to investigate and work to do on the asphalt, for example, asphalt emulsions, which in other countries are already on the market and even help repair potholes with easiness and without using high temperatures. 
 Rajat Nag, the managing director of the Manila-based ADB, said the world's two fastest-growing large economies had to "do all they can" to speed the recovery of the the currency bloc either through the International Monetary Fund or direct bilateral arrangements. 
 Rajchl Promises That under Him, the FAČR Will Start Working Hard 
 Rapid success 
 Rather than a new European Federation, she finds the concept of two-speed, if not multi-speed Europe, very realistic. 
 Reality or not, the fact is that Melina today begins a year of reign, not as sovereign, but as a princess, a position that gives her the opportunity to represent Colombia in one of the international competitions designated by the National Competition itself. 
 Recently, he called for opposition to the Chinese military threat, because Peking is trying to develop a nuclear capacity - apparently unaware of the fact that China has possessed it since 1964! 
 Redefining the vocation 
 Referring to an internal crisis plan at Deutsche Bahn, the Bild newspaper has reported that investment of around 300 million Euros in total is planned up to 2015. 
 Regarding palliative care, the committee calls on governments, nursing institutions, and doctors to work together to provide the best possible palliative care and not only in cases of cancer. 
 Regarding palliative medicine, the committee claims that governments, healthcare institutions and doctors work together to provide the best possible palliative care, apart from cancer cases. 
 Regarding persons who commit assisted suicide, investigations indicate that 41% of such cases should not have been prosecuted. 
 Regarding the continuation, or the withdrawal of nursing care of a patient, the situation is less clear, say the authors of the report. 
 Reporters in the park were forced to leave. 
 Reservations of other experts 
 Resort to the torture of terrorist suspects prohibited by Obama in 2009, is also recommended by Cain, Perry and by the candidate Michele Bachmann. 
 Restraining immigration leads to anaemic growth and harms employment. 
 Review 
 "Right after that, I would focus on negotiations with both private and state sectors, to ensure enough money for the whole football," the forty-six year old candidate told ČTK two months ago. 
 Right at the beginning of 1990, visa requirements for neighbouring West European countries were cancelled. This started a huge wave of short-term visits of chiefly Vienna and Germany. 
 Romney also promised military strikes on Iran, if sanctions failed to stop its nuclear programme. 
 Ronaldo pounded a free kick into the nets from about 30 meters to take an early lead. 
 Ronaldo rockets Portugal to Euro 2012 
 Rooks are considered problem birds in many places. Experts now say the highly intelligent animals can no longer be driven from cities. 
 Rubbish bins set alight in Wedding 
 Rüdiger Grube, head of Deutsche Bahn, warned of train cancellations and delays this winter at a summit with government and industry two months ago. 
 Rychtářová about her Unfaithful Husband: 
 Rychytář does not care who his wife sleeps with 
 Sales and marketing makes it more successful, so [it's those kinds of people] who end up running companies and the product people get driven out of the decision-making forum. 
 SAP has been in China for 20 years. 
 SAP is currently located in Beijing, Shanghai, Guanzhou, Chengdu and Dalian. 
 SAP plans to double workforce in China 
 SAP plans to increase turnover to 20 billion Euros by 2015. 
 Saturday's lecture, filled with information on figure types, was livened up by three guests from the field. 
 "Say you work at IBM or Xerox, so you make a better copier or printer, so what?" 
 Scalia and Thomas dine with healthcare law challengers as court takes case 
 Scalia and Thomas have shown little regard for critics who say they too readily mix the business of the court with agenda-driven groups such as the Federalist Society. 
 Schwanzer's pavilion won the Grand Prix d'Architecture in 1958 for its light floating steel-glass structure. 
 Scott Peterson famously slipped and used the past tense while claiming his murdered wife was alive, launching a nationwide search for her. 
 Selcuk Inan's long-range shot hit the post in the seventh minute and striker Kazim Kazim was unable to put the rebound into the net. 
 Selected routes: 
 Selected to play against Romania on Friday evening in its match against France, Hazard went to Saint-Denis in order at last to "shine." 
 Sena Lulic got a second yellow card in the 54th minute. 
 Sensors measure pressure, temperature and the specific gravities of arriving gas before being transferred into German gasducts. 
 Seven-year-old hit and injured by a car in Wedding 
 Several hundred university students created a live chain around the nuclear power plant in Iran. 
 Several people who went through the site noted that in the country-house, whose wall is beige with brown, the gate was wide open. 
 She became enraged and started using profanities -- the C-word and the F-word in a loud voice ... 
 She has been working in IMB for thirty years; she is currently a Director of Sales, Marketing, and Strategy. 
 She has very little enthusiasm for sport, says Meder - but in the water, it's a different matter. 
 She is capable only of holding up one or two fingers as her husband encourages her. 
 She proved how true she is to her "Clearly and openly about Europe" motto in the very first part of her lecture, where she described individual EU organs and the relationships between them in such a clear and intelligible, way that many lecturers from the UK Law Dept. could be jealous. 
 She said Genevieve got hysterical. 
 "She said in an aggressive tone, "You shouldn't have left your daughter by the door,"" Roseanna Monk said. 
 She said the fall of the government at the time was a great negative causing significant damage to the Czech Republic. 
 She was taken to hospital to treat a laceration. 
 Shopping 
 Shopping may be a hobby for a majority of women, but for men, it may become absolute hell. 
 Shot guns were fired for the lieutenant colonel of the Mexican Air Force, Felipe Cortés Bacio, headed by the Governor Jorge Torres Lopez, the people of the village and Government of the State, the Mexican Army, through the Sixth Military Zone, the Mexican Air Force itself, managers and students of the Technological High School of Saltillo, where he studied in 1985 and made himself remarked both in study or in sport gave him the last farewell. 
 Should someone search for the word that would best express the IMB strategy, the closest one would probably be "long-term." 
 Sickness certificate-related fraud is very low, compared with "black" labour. 
 Silvano Aureoles, the candidate for the leftist Democratic Revolution Party, or PRD, which currently holds the governorship, came in third, a bad defeat for the divided and hapless left ahead of the 2012 presidential vote. 
 Similarly, the delegates rejected by an overwhelming majority the proposal to weight the vote of each country-Member of the directorate of the European Central Bank according the size of its economy, which would clearly increase the weight of the German economy. 
 Since 1989, Czech tourism thus experienced a real revolution. 
 Since 1997, increased demand allowed travel agencies to prepare regular trips by charter airlines. Compared to the past, air trips thus became unbelievably cheap due to the ability to order quantity discounts. 
 Since 2000, IBM has sold low profitable assets worth 15 billion dollars. During the same time, it has invested 58 billion dollars into purchasing of perspective technologies. 
 Since Iraq, it distrusts military interventions, which run into quicksands. 
 Since it fell four tenths to 100.4 points, compared to 100.8 in August. 
 Since it is being considered by all electricians wishing to construct a generation centre, a decision to construct it at Flamanville would be a magnificent gift to the competitors of Areva and EDF by clearing their way to seizing the leadership of the unavoidable development of nuclear energy. 
 Since its last meeting at the end of October, the issuing institution increased by 5.000 million yen (47 thousand million Euro's) worth of treasury bond purchases, raising the ceiling to 55.000 thousand million yen (519 thousand million Euros), which it is devoting to the purchase of various financial securities to flood the liquidity market. 
 Since last March, the Japanese economy was paralyzed, still recovering from the devastating earthquake, resulting in a nuclear crisis, the worst catastrophe suffered by the Nippon country since the Second World War. 
 Since March, he has bought up shares totalling more than ten billion dollars. 
 Since the beginning of 2008, the price of IBM's shares has grown by remarkable 120 per cent; company's net earnings have been growing continuously. 
 Since then, direct charter flights take Czech tourists to warm exotic countries. This winter, flights from the Czech Republic will reach twelve exotic destinations. 
 Since then, he has proved his mettle and is now to head UBS permanently, the Zurich-based bank announced on Tuesday. 
 Since this is the layer that will be in contact with the wheels of the vehicle, it must have a better mechanical strength than the asphalt covering and provide road friction. 
 Sitting side by side on the tribune of the auditorium of the Stade de France, Georges Leekens and Eden Hazard made peace. 
 Six graffiti sprayers arrested 
 Six hundred seventy-two school aides, parent coordinators and other employees who were among the city's lowest paid lost their jobs on Oct. 7, in a move union leaders have described as political payback for their refusal to let the city access a health care fund run by labor groups to close its budget gap last spring. 
 Six months later, in April 2009, Lyman sat through a hearing before a judge, during which she was questioned about having had sex with her boyfriend earlier on the day of the attack. 
 Six people testified as character witnesses on behalf of the alleged perpetrator, who was eventually acquitted. 
 "Sixty-six parent coordinators were laid off," the draft complaint says, "and not merely excessed." 
 "So anybody who can help Europe get out of the crisis is useful," he told the Financial Times in an interview on the sidelines of the World Economic Forum in Mumbai. 
 "Social research is supposed to be about the social - and a hell of a lot of the social still takes place offline." 
 So far, everything is just right. 
 So far, IMB seems to be getting through the current crisis without any harm. 
 So far, Josef does not mind that his wife closed the hind gate on him. 
 So far, the project has been joined by over 12 thousand school children from 4th to 8th grades. 
 So, for a ten-page fashion story (equals ten outfits), I have to be ready to create at least fifteen of them. 
 "So if China and India can help, by all means." 
 "So I started collecting beautiful baths." 
 "So, I would say, "Gabby, you have not been beaten," " Kelly said. 
 Soldiers in this book have beehives fall on them; one has Christmas in Egypt under the pyramids; tsetse flies are an intractable problem. 
 Some 19% of handicapped persons are looking for work. 
 Some 26 million Visa bank cards are already equipped with this functionality and 75 000 payment terminals accept them. 
 Some are duplicates - the same bill offered in both the House and Senate - and others are slight variations on each other. 
 Some believed that it was enough for democracy to finally triumph over its enemies, to exercise the vote, and to do so as directly as possible. 
 Some came hoping to look Breivik in the eye, others to confirm that he is being held under lock and key. 
 Some did not believe him, they said that he got dizzy even in the truck, but always wanted to fulfill his dream, that of becoming a pilot. 
 Some lawmakers also want to allow for the nullification of federal laws if they are opposed by two-thirds of the states. 
 Some made a barrier, and the police moved in to methodically arrest them. 
 Some months later we could guess at why he had left. 
 Some negotiations are said to have taken place directly in Montenegro; but who knows if the football generality will be complete before the match. 
 Some of the biggest shows we've played over the past 21 years occurred during the last couple of weeks. 
 Some of the protesters moved there were carrying and distributing at that time copies of that court order and even they gave these copies to officers guarding the place, which led to "some small confrontations," said Bray, who claimed that some officers beaten the demonstrators. 
 Some of the results aren't all that surprising: online supporters of right-wing groups tend to be young, male, and vexed by immigration. 
 Some of those bills are identical too, but they give their sponsors - particularly freshmen Republicans looking to burnish their resumes - the chance to brag that they "authored" such a measure. 
 "Someone came up behind me and said, "Do you know what your daughter is doing?" I said "yes" and went to pick her up," she said. 
 Someone might use lots of "qualifying language" when answering a hard question: " Well ... to tell you the truth ... as far as I know ... to the best of my knowledge." 
 Some people as regards your concert refer to it as the biggest show of the year. 
 Some stories are about honor and bravery. 
 Something big was coming. 
 Sometimes the restarts are not enough and you need to learn a given section of the race by heart. 
 "Sometime they will find out that Greeks retire at the age of 50 and go on holiday to beaches and it won't go down well," he said. 
 Some women recognise they should somewhat control their passion for shopping. 
 So much the worse if this should trigger a trade war, he said. 
 So, not only do they have the money to pay for planes, but a surge in fuel prices - usually damaging to airlines because it's one of their biggest costs - is not as detrimental because the country is making money on the higher price of oil. 
 Sophisticated System 
 Spain finds itself in the line of fire by the markets ahead of the parliamentary elections on Sunday. 
 Spain "has achieved a prominent place worldwide in the role of Microfinance." 
 Spain is "still working" to expand the network of beneficiaries all over the world, and assumes the task with "responsibility" said Mrs. Sofia, who hoped that the efforts and contributions originated in the Summit, which will be held until Thursday, will "ensure the creation of new capabilities and better opportunities for the poorest people, and especially for women," the main beneficiaries of these loans. 
 Spanish football players playing in the All-Star League and in powerful clubs of the Premier League of England are during the year very active in league and local cup competitions and there are high-level shocks in the European Cups and Champions League. 
 Specialists from all over Germany discussed possible solutions. 
 Specifically by Giroux. 
 Splashing in the diving pool and ethereal sauna oils - the wellness factor in baths is so great because all the senses are stimulated, according to Meder. 
 Sports cars are suitable for cities; strong American cars for straight highway sections; and exotic supersports cars for technical driving, such as along crooked mountain tracks. 
 Spraying off nests with water or felling trees often has undesired consequences, said environment expert Manfred Kaiser from Lahr in Baden-Württemberg. 
 Stark also awarded a controversial penalty for handball after a foul by Fabio Coentrao - Misimovic converted. 
 Star-studded Twilight world premiere in Hollywood 
 Still, it is nothing world-shattering. 
 Still, this driving model is fully suitable for the action style racing, even though we could find better at the competition. 
 Still, who of you could resist walking through clothes shops looking for well fitting clothes and then trying them all (ideally, in various colour versions) in the changing rooms? 
 Straight talking is what is needed now, alongside efforts to identify and reassess right-wing extremist terrorism in Germany. 
 Strict supervision & limited budget 
 Strongly export-oriented, it attracts a galaxy of specialised RME's in international markets and creates many jobs, which cannot be moved elsewhere. 
 Subsequently, after these statements, on November 13th at 14:00 one of his accomplices was stopped in the common land of La Pravda, who seeing the military tried to escape. 
 "Substitute coffee, fake aluminum, imitation rubber, paper bandages, wooden buttons." 
 "Substitution by substitution, it was overwhelming and we couldn't resist." 
 "Such a large cut, applied in this indiscriminate manner, would render most of our ship and construction projects unexecutable -- you cannot buy three quarters of a ship or a building -- and seriously damage other modernization efforts," Panetta wrote to the senators. 
 Such was the work of the person who identified the body of Alfonso Cano 
 Super Mario has fought tirelessly for over 25 years to save Princess Peach from the evil clutches of Bowser, but never before he had done this in three dimensions: in "Super Mario 3D Land" he will fight for the love of the girl in stereoscopic technology. 
 Support Workers' Union Will Sue City Over Layoffs 
 Syria is becoming increasingly isolated 
 Tales of cheating on school and college tests are rife. 
 Talking to Swiss banks, they see the issue mainly in the size of UBS. 
 Tendency towards health 
 Ten months after a gunman shot her at point-blank range at a constituent event in Tucson, Rep. Gabrielle Gifffords (D-Ariz.) appeared on national television Monday night, sang along to the Broadway show tune "The Sun Will Come Out Tomorrow" and said she wanted to get better more than she wanted to return to Congress. 
 Terrorist axis 
 Thanks to both the great Čech and beautiful goal of Petr Jiráček ,they won 1:0. 
 Thank you for staying with us through all these years. 
 That comes after the State Department's announcement last week that it would delay a decision on a federal permit for the project until it studies new potential routes that avoid the Sandhills areas of Nebraska and the Ogallala aquifer, a vast underground water supply. 
 That day they will be present at the National Stadium, starting at 7:30 pm, together with the band of Los Angeles The X and the band of the nationals Las Robertas. 
 That is the bag you fasten around your waist to carry all the props you need. 
 That is to say that the topic is politically sensitive. 
 That is why IBM easily builds its foundations on many platforms - if they do not work, it leaves them. 
 That left the U.S. mission in a form of legislative purgatory - with Congress upset enough to criticize Obama's handling of the mission but not so angry as to actually pull the rug out from under it. 
 That list included the F35 Joint Strike Fighter, a planned new bomber, the next-generation ballistic submarine, the new littoral combat ship and the new ground combat vehicle the Army and Marines need to replace the humvee. 
 That made an impression. 
 "That made a remarkable influence on me, it was the only company I had seen at that age and it formed my view of what a company was and how well they treated their employees." 
 That makes the show more interesting for us and therefore I think it also makes it more interesting for the people. 
 "That may cause another blockage of the general meeting." 
 That night, she says, she was asked to recount the details of her rape 11 separate times to a stream of police, doctors, and commanders. 
 That number was reached Friday before the game against Panama (0-2), in Rommel Fernandez. 
 "That's a trust I can't just throw away," he said. 
 That's important because they will be less likely than other airlines to cancel or delay airplane orders when fuel prices rise, Dihora said. 
 "That's one of the key things the new President should attend to." 
 That's what happened at Xerox... 
 That was also why there was no pressure from the home team in the first half. Long kicks behind the defence were neatly averted by the Czech defence. 
 That was just the first blow. 
 "That Wednesday, the government coalition of a small country with a population of seven million undertook the largest rescue operation in the history of the nation," writes author Lukas Hässig in his book The UBS Crash. 
 That will be tough for Axel Weber. 
 "That would probably not please many people, as it would mean hard work, not just criticizing of the work of others," he added. 
 The 12 occupants left the farm at noon yesterday without a fight 
 The 15th week for the employment of the handicapped starts today. 
 The 1,700-mile pipeline would extend from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico. 
 The 18-year-old tenant who was not in the flat at the time of the fire is being investigated for negligent arson. 
 The 21-year-old was taken to hospital. 
 The 2500-strong workforce is to grow to 4500. 
 The 25-year-old had to be cut out of his vehicle by the fire service. 
 The 40-year-old van driver was unhurt. 
 The 46-year-old is a real bathing culture enthusiast. 
 The 81-year-old took over the small textile company Berkshire Hathaway in the 1960s and built it up, with clever investments, into one of the most valuable companies in the world. 
 The accounts of their lives can be terrifying or stirring, but are most fully alive in Mr. Englund's accumulation of small moments, stray details. 
 "The Adoboli incident clearly showed that risk control had changed too little," says Martin Janssen, economic and professor of finance at the Swiss Banking Institute of the University of Zurich. 
 The adventure opens very well. 
 The aim is to clear platforms of snow and ice by start of business and 90 percent of the critical points within four to five hours. 
 The aim of Festa Academica is to celebrate the international Students" Day and commemorate the 22nd anniversary of the Velvet Revolution with dignity; as well as to present the public with top quality choir music, and to develop creative cooperation among young people. 
 The aircraft manufacturer Boeing gained, limiting losses on the Dow. 
 The airline also has an option to buy 20 more planes, which would push the total list price to $26 billion, Boeing announced at the 2011 Dubai Air Show. 
 The ambassadress reminded the key slogans she took to Brussels: "About Europe, Clearly." 
 The ambitions were met to a certain point, but it does not matter since nobody obviously wanted to do any extra work. 
 The amendment that would lead to freeing the imprisoned former Prime Minister was revoked during second reading of the proposal for mitigation of sentences for economic offences. 
 The American bank was the world's most powerful investment bank. 
 "The American government can and must do more to deal with his abuse, he adds, judging that this could be due to the editing of police reports on hate crimes." 
 The analysis of calls exchanged indicates several interlocutors based in Mali, in Niger and in Nigeria. 
 The "angry persons" challenge the authorities in New York 
 The anniversary served to make a balance at a ceremony held in the old factory complex Fabra i Coats where attended over 300 people. 
 The announcement made US investors sceptical. "We are not an island. We are dependent," said Steve Goldman of Goldman Management. 
 The another event occurred on November 12th at 06:00 am, the military personnel made a surveillance tour in the village Rancho Viejo in Cadereyta, seeing a car without number plates and with two men on board. 
 The appointed prime minister, Mario Monti, will meet tomorrow with the president of Italy in order to present the new government that will face the crisis that has put the country on the edge of an economic disaster 
 The architect Adolf Krischanitz has now renovated the pavilion, which has been named the "21er Haus" and will be used as a contemporary art museum. 
 The architect of the new company was a businessman, Charles Ranlett Flint, who, until 1930, also presided over the company's Board of Trustees. 
 The architectural historian Meder looked at more than 200 swimming pools - and has now compiled here experiences in her recently published book Badefreuden (The Joys of Bathing), covering everything from public swimming baths in Munich to historical bathing palaces in the Black Forest and "hardcore concrete buildings" in Taunus. 
 The attacks on Mölln and Solingen in the 90s are an example of what it means for peace in Germany to be at risk. 
 The attitude towards stylist services is still rather cold in the Czech Republic. 
 The authorities allowed him to continue the trial in the municipal cells boarding San Nicolas of Garza. 
 The author of the report, Harald Schumann, shows that betting on global commodities exchanges drives up prices - and the banks are therefore complicit in global hunger. 
 The availability and cost of electricity affect directly the purchasing power and the competitiveness of companies. 
 The balance of the first 25 years of life of the social support entity Trinijove is important: 6,000 young people at risk of exclusion have been helped to overcome a difficult situation during this century quarter. 
 The bank actually managed to find investors, but investors many bankers would have respectfully declined a short while earlier - a less than transparent Asian sovereign wealth fund from Singapore and an Arabic sovereign wealth fund that was so secretive, even its name was not disclosed. 
 The bank combined the image of the secretive and solid, but equally savvy asset manager with ambitious targets, aiming to become a major player in investment banking. 
 The bank has its head office on Zurich's Bahnhofstrasse that leads from the main station directly to Zurich Lake, surrounded by the snow-capped peaks of the Swiss mountains. 
 The bank, however, is not (yet) prepared to go that far. 
 The bank is converting almost all its remaining shares in the China Construction Bank into cash, bringing in 6.6 billion dollars. 
 The bank primarily plans to bolster its capital quota with the net profit from the sale to meet tougher regulations. 
 The banks battling against a strong wind in the USA several years later. 
 The baths, designed by the architect Dušan Jurkovic in 1902, have been closed. 
 "The Beauty and the Sorrow" expertly pans across other theaters of war: the Alps, the Balkans, the Eastern Front, Mesopotamia, East Africa. 
 "The Beauty and the Sorrow" follows individuals like Florence Farmborough, an English nurse in the Russian Army, and Richard Stumpf, a young German high-seas fleet seaman. 
 "The Beauty and the Sorrow" threads together the wartime experiences of 20 more or less unremarkable men and women, on both sides of the war, from schoolgirls and botanists to mountain climbers, doctors, ambulance drivers and clerks. 
 The behaviour of the police and the subsequently successful manhunt is heavily criticised on German-Turkish internet forums. 
 The bill was defeated in the House by a wide bipartisan margin, and it never came up for a vote in the Senate. 
 The birds could not reach their prey with their beaks. 
 The black-tie crowd rose to its feet and cheered. 
 The blockbuster order came from Emirates airline in Dubai. 
 The booklet defined the mountain as the great park of the metropolitan Barcelona. 
 The borrowing rates of Italy and Spain remain at very disquieting levels. 
 The Bosnians, with no opening in the first half hour, had their first opportunity with goal scorer Edin Dzeko. 
 The boy was not accompanied by adults. 
 The BPCE has a similar project in Strasbourg and in Marseille. 
 The Budesliga legionaries Danijel Pranjic (Bayern Munich) and Gordon Schildenfeld (Eintracht Frankfurt) were on the field alongside Mario Mandzukic from VfL Wolfsburg, who made space for Ivan Perisic from Dortmund from the 62nd minute. 
 The Budget Control Act, which passed in August, required that both the House and Senate vote on a balanced budget amendment. 
 The building has remained flexible and light despite the constraints, problems and conversions. 
 The building is considered a milestone in contemporary architecture. 
 The buildings are ostentatious and the shop rates are among the highest in Europe. 
 The campaign by consumer advocates is directed specifically at the head of Deutsche Bank, Josef Ackermann, although large banking houses such as Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley trade in the same way. 
 The Canadian Pamela Anderson has been the assistant of Tim Allen in "Home Improvement" lifeguard in "Baywatch" Bunny in "Playboy," the wife of rock musician Tommy Lee and now, the actress and model is the Virgin Mary in a special Christmas show at the Canadian television. 
 The car came to a halt and the man fled on foot. 
 The car was hurled onto the opposite side of the road by the violence of the impact and collided with a lorry. 
 The case of Denmark should be considered. 
 The catastrophe became evident on 15 October 2008. 
 The cause of the collision with the vehicle driven by a 22-year-old man is not yet clear. 
 The CFO of one major German bank also has no doubts: "The problem facing UBS is that it does not having a handle on risk control." 
 The chairman of the PP municipal group, of the council Alberto Fernández Díaz, had claimed last week "to immediately evacuate the building in order to solve the problems of coexistence and community spirit caused to neighbors, and the degradation of the area." 
 The chief organiser is českých pěveckých sborů (Czech Choirs) in cooperation with Jan Kepler's Grammar School. 
 The child ran out onto the road in front of a car driven by a 53-year-old woman. 
 The choice of Berlin will result in a rise of the price of electricity, an increased energy dependence aggravated by increased recourse to imported gas, in particular from Russia, a jump in carbon dioxide emissions due to the construction of gas and of coal centres. 
 The City Police also confirmed that in recent weeks has received more complaints from neighbors about the situation. 
 The classic PC that defined the computer standards of the period, called IBM 5150, came to the market in 1981. 
 The classification of Collserola as a natural park redounds in this idea. 
 The clearing operation was complete about 75 minutes later, the police said. 
 The clerk of the court, Jorge Yanez, went to the jail of the municipality of San Nicolas of Garza to notify Jonah that he has been legally pardoned and his record will be filed. 
 The climatic adversity slowed down the economy 
 The climax will be a free public concert by high school choirs, which takes place at 2 p.m., on November 17, at a plaza in front of the National Technical Library in Dejvice. 
 The closer we get to the final exam, the more information and practical tasks await. 
 The coach of the queens Jorge Hernán Orozco recognizes that Melina did not have the best body, that there were better, "but the problem of fibrosis on the abdomen, which for me was not very noticeable, made her lose points the last day." 
 The committee of experts also requests that health professionals should be trained in the duty to respect a withdrawal of nursing care at the end of life without having to fear criminal prosecution. 
 The competition, both as for its merely organizational side as for its reflection on the city is a topic of conversation among all architects of Barcelona. 
 The competitors have other advantages, too. 
 "The conflict has increasingly become an economic competition," Mr. Englund writes, "a war between factories." 
 The congressman Alejandro Aguinaga, who is his personal physician, told to Canal N of television that Fujimori will be evaluated for three days at the National Institute of Neoplastic Diseases in order to determine the reason for the pain and the loss of strength in his lower limbs. 
 "The consequence of a sequester on the Defense Department would set off a swift decline of the United States as the world's leading military power." 
 The construction of this gasduct is also a technical exploit. 
 The consultations will end in the presentation by M. Monti of a limited list of a dozen or so ministers to the head of State, Giorgio Napolitano. 
 "The controls will become more rigid and in addition, if you are caught, you will have to repay any non-legitimate benefit received," warned Xavier Bertrand on RTL on Sunday 13 November. 
 The coordinates of the impact and the last record of the aircraft radar match, probably before the impact there was no loss of control or change in the flight direction. 
 The councilman personally defended the evacuation of the Zuccotti square carried out at dawn, an operation in which about 200 arrests were made and this was decided so because protesters were "violating the law." 
 The courageous bystander was taken to hospital for outpatient treatment. 
 The court validates "digital television transition" in Mexico in 2015 
 The coverage by some Turkish media has been like a slap in the face. "Germany's present on the fiftieth anniversary" is the title of one article on the Haber X Turkish internet platform, which comments on the circumstances around the series of murders. 
 The coverage by the Turkish media at the time again shows how deep the mistrust of many German Turks in the current German state has become since. 
 The creation of a terrorist axis in Africa, which will move from Mauritania to Somalia via Nigeria, now disquiets all security specialists. 
 "The crisis is not new to the entity and the work done by it," he said. 
 The Croatians continued in fine form after half-time. 
 The cuts would eventually hit combat troops, Panetta said. 
 The Czechs only needed 1:0 (0:0) in the playoff second leg against outsider Montenegro after a clear win in the first leg (2:0). 
 The Dax-listed company announced on Tuesday that around two billion dollars (around 1.5 billion Euros) is to be invested by 2015. 
 The day the Supreme Court gathered behind closed doors to consider the politically divisive question of whether it would hear a challenge to President Obama's healthcare law, two of its justices, Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas, were feted at a dinner sponsored by the law firm that will argue the case before the high court. 
 The debate will not be fruitful, unless it explores all the economic, social and environmental consequences of the proposed options. 
 The defense team for the Department of Defense, led by United States Attorney Neil MacBride, has filed a motion to dismiss the case. 
 The Department of Defense declined to comment for this story. 
 The designated Italian prime minister, Mario Monti, will meet Wednesday with the President of Italy in order to present the new government that will face the crisis that has put Italy on the edge of an economic disaster and has endangered the entire euro zone. 
 "The design of the helicopter conceived for 19 passengers, fulfilled the appropriate requirements for transporting passengers. 
 The development by Areva of low carbon dioxide emission solutions, nuclear and renewable, bears witness to the complementary nature sources of energy. 
 The device has been widely written about before, but Jobs" euphoria here in describing the Blue Box as an act of empowerment is infectious. 
 The dinner was held at a Washington hotel hours after the court's conference over the case. 
 The discovery occurred at kilometer 1.5 of the Cadereyta road to Santiago, at the height of the community known as El Castillo. 
 The dispersion of the wreckage suggests that the helicopter struck the ground in conditions of structural integrity. 
 The dispositions adopted by the Austrian government approach the "German model," being the first European country to adopt this "rule." 
 The diverse political representation, in the election time, showed the unitary character of the work done by Trinijove. 
 The dog died of smoke intoxication. 
 The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed business at 12,078 with a fall of 0.6 percent. 
 The driver was not able to brake in time and the car hit the boy. 
 The driving model follows the footsteps of the previous parts. 
 The drug dealer was driving a white pickup truck, where he was carrying a black bag in the box of the vehicle and on the passenger's seat a small backpack, where the soldiers found eight kilograms and 23 grams of marijuana. 
 The dubious mortgage securities are so-called mortgage-backed securities. 
 The earnings on its 10-year bonds are 28.45%. 
 The Economic Affairs spokesman, Amadeu Altafaj, said the troika inspectors would return "very soon" to Athens to discuss with the new government "what has to be done to pay the sixth tranche" of 8,000 million, although there is no definite date. 
 The economic difficulties of his company led him to contact the Iranian embassy in Ukraine in 1995. 
 The Emirates airline ordered 50 long-range type 777 aeroplanes on Sunday with an order value of 18 billion dollars. 
 The Emirates order solidifies Boeing's lead in the market for wide-body planes and helps hold at bay competitor Airbus SAS' attempt to encroach on its dominance with the A350 airliner. 
 The entire event is under the auspices of Bohuslav Svoboda, Lord Mayor of Prague, and Václav Hampl, Rector of Charles University. 
 The entity was created to prevent the fall on the margins of the society of untrained young men 
 The entrepreneur Herman Cain, the second best-placed candidate, declares an embarrassing lack of knowledge of the files. 
 The Estonian rearguard prevented him at the last moment from taking Ireland into the lead. 
 The Euro fell against the dollar. 
 The Euro is reaching its lowest level for a month and a half. 
 The European champions of 1976 are going to the Euro Championship for the fifth time in a row. 
 The European continent should be able to remember that having invented it in Athens over two thousand years ago, it experienced during the XXth century the tragedies of the World War, of totalitarisms, the Holocaust, the gulag, but also Franco in Spain, Salazar in Portugal and the colonels in Greece. 
 The European crisis, which we are passing through, is an economic crisis, but it is primarily a political crisis and a crisis of democracy. 
 The European Union, being convinced that Rome would not achieve its objective budget in 2013 despite the austerity plan adopted over recent months, has asked, in particular, for stringent new measures. 
 The Eurostat statistics office announced that, in September, companies produced two percent less than in the previous month. 
 The euro zone even fell below the average, which is at the level of 100, since it rushed eight tenths up to 99.13 points. 
 "The evacuation of this morning was disgusting and shows that deep inside Bloomberg is more interested in preserving the financial interests of American workers," added the spokesman of the movement, who accused the mayor of "disrespect for the freedom of expression." 
 The Executive Board has not been of much help either, though at its meetings, both regular and extraordinary, it is mostly preoccupied by this issue. 
 the exodus of client money began. 
 The ex President Alberto Fujimori was hospitalized Tuesday in a public hospital in order to be evaluated for the loss of muscle strength that occurs in the legs, informed his family doctor. 
 The fact that the two banks that went to form UBS complemented each other helped. One was a wealthy but sedate bank specialising in asset management in Zurich and the other was less wealthy, but much more internationalised. 
 The fall in the economic activity has generated, until November, a constant increase of the unemployment in the state, according to the National Institute of Statistics and Geography, the unemployment state rate during the first three quarters of the year registered an accelerated growth, from January to March 55.053 Sinaloa habitants were unemployed, with a rate of 4.53 percent of the economically active population for the second quarter, the rate became 5.28 percent, and between July and September the average continued to increase to 6.19 percent, a rate that in terms of the number of people represents more than 74.000 of unemployed Sinaloa habitants, an increase compared to the first half of 18.969 individuals. 
 The familiarity of the Spanish is higher than that of the Ticos 
 The fans of the vampire saga were not disappointed. Vampire actor Robert Pattinson, his werewolf rival Taylor Lautner and "Bella" beauty Kristen Stewart signed autographs and posed with fans. 
 The favourites Portugal, Croatia and the Czech Republic, plus Ireland, will be at the 2012 European championship. 
 The featured guests at the dinner? Scalia and Thomas. 
 The feeling that the "consent" of the new transitional government of Hellene comes imposed more by the demands of Brussels than by a genuine conviction of political forces began to be confirmed by facts. 
 The female employee suffered from shock. 
 The festival takes place from November 16 to 20, in Prague and Pardubice. 
 The financing of the construction of the gasduct was provided to the extent of 30% by the shareholders and of 70% by Bank loans. 
 The findings were made in a survey conducted by the Forsa Institute for Social Research and Statistical Analysis on behalf of the consumer organisation Foodwatch. 
 The fire brigade arrived with four crews and was able to bring the fire under control quickly. 
 The fire brigade was informed and had to free a seriously injured 23-year-old from the car wreck and take him to hospital. 
 The fire caused a large cloud of fumes that could be seen clearly from some distance. 
 The fire was probably caused by a technical failure in the electricity system according to the investigations so far. 
 The first estimates of Tokyo government regarding the material losses amounted to $ 300,000 million, a blow that, despite the difficult global context, seems to have dimmed. 
 The first fear is the own delimitation of the borders where to build. 
 The first key factor in the decision of the jury to designate her as First Princess is that she did not convince with her answer to the question" 'What is the book that has marked you and why? Asked ​​by Martin Murillo Gomez from the Literary Cart Let's read. 
 The first three floors were the scene of mass parties, which lasted up to two days and exasperated the tenants. 
 The Foreign Relations Committee resolution "congratulates the people of Libya for their tremendous courage and extraordinary resilience in liberating themselves" and "commends the men and women of the United States Armed Forces and their coalition partners who engaged in military operations to protect the people of Libya for their extraordinary bravery and professionalism." 
 The former banker and long-standing banking professor at the Swiss Institute of Banking of the University of Zurich, Hans Geiger, explains: "I always presented UBS to my students as the model of a good bank." 
 The former European commissioner was yesterday in discussions with the political parties before today's meeting with unions and employers 
 The founder, Bill Gates, is a close friend. 
 The four assailants were arrested in the restaurant. 
 The French must base their opinion on the objective facts of rational data. 
 The French spent an average of 14,5 days on sick leave in 2010, compared with 17.8 days in 2009, according to a study by Alma Consulting Group. 
 The fugitive sped onto the motorway - 
 The Fukushima accident does not modify any of these parameters. 
 The future head of the Italian government, Mario Monti, has asked the markets for a little time to form his team and to implement a programme, which will involve "sacrifices," in order to recover credibility lost over the last few months of the Berlusconi government. 
 The gas circulation is implemented simply by its pressure. 
 The gasduct emerges from the Baltic sea at Lubmin on a sandy littoral planted with conifers. 
 The GDF Suez investment will be about 240 millions. 
 The General Attorney Office reported that the sentenced drug dealer is Omar Alexis Valenzuela Sandoval, for the crime against health, in its variant of possession of marijuana for purposes of trade. 
 The general relief following the change of government in Rome and Athens was not sustained. 
 The German edition of Hürriyet also does not miss the chance to make this connection. 
 The gesture is to express their support of their country's nuclear program against a possible Israel attack. 
 The global number of hate crimes increased very slightly to 6 628 cases, of which 47,3% were motivated by racial differences and 20% by religious differences, according to FBI. 
 The goal came in the 32nd minute. 
 The greater the rise, the greater the fall. 
 The great unknown is the longevity of his team. 
 The Greek economy showed an interim decrease of 5.2%. 
 The Greek hank still has a thread for the moment. 
 The group is on the South American zone within the tour celebrating two decades of work and Sunday 20th will make its only stop in Central America. 
 The head of the bank then plans to announce changes following the investigation at the end of January. 
 The head of the club said that the discomfort was so great that even reached an agreement with the owner of the property and there are now nine months since she "forgives" him for paying the rent. 
 The head of the future Italian government, Mario Monti asked the markets for time to restore the situation in an Italy threatened by asphyxia by the weight of its debt. 
 The headquarters for both Central and Eastern Europe resides in Prague, where there also is a world level research team focusing on voice recognition. 
 The highest-ranking officer on the scene was Joseph J. Esposito, the chief of department, the top uniformed officer in the department. 
 The hopes of Bosnians and Turks for a last minute win were short-lived. 
 The IBM share price rose by one percent before the markets opened following the announcement of Buffett's investment. 
 The idea brings several interesting features. 
 The illustrated pocketbook The Joys of Bathing provides valuable information on the architectural and cultural history of historic pleasure and health oases over 190 pages - and makes you want to leap into the water. 
 The IMB Innovator Starts the Second Century of Its Existence 
 "The impacts of these cuts would be devastating for the department," Panetta said in a letter to Sens. John McCain, R-Arizona, and Lindsey Graham, R-South Carolina. 
 The impending recession in Europe has depressed the mood of US investors at the start of the week. 
 The implementation of the decisions taken at the summit of the Eurozone on 27 October shall be the "principal task" of the new government, because participation of the country in the Eurozone "is at stake," he added. 
 The impulse for the creation of micro credits in Spain and in the rest of the world "has followed the path started years ago" by Muhammad Yunus, highlighted Mrs. Sofia as an "act of justice and recognition." 
 The indicator that anticipates the turning points in the global economy showed that the major powers are slowing. 
 The information available so far suggests that the impact occurred in a straight and lateral line. 
 The information is handled with confidentiality, doctors deliver it in writing to the parents, to whom they explain each of the measurements and changes in the lifestyle that have to be undertaken in order to prevent disease. 
 The information provides elements that seem to indicate that the helicopter may have had multiple impacts with the ground. 
 The Inseen nevertheless revised downwards the figure for the second quarter, with a fall of 0,1% of the gross internal product (PIB) instead of stagnation. 
 The intelligence and skill of the birds are legendary. Rooks often do not just use tools to get hold of a choice morsel, but create tools themselves. 
 The internationalised investment bankers suddenly had access to a lot of money that they could use to turn an almighty wheel. 
 "The intervention by organized crime during the entire election process and especially yesterday is alarming, not just for Michoacan but for the entire country," Luisa Maria Calderon said in a radio interview a day after Sunday's vote. 
 The interview with Giffords and her husband, astronaut Mark Kelly, was part of an hour-long "20/20" special that aired on the eve of the release of the couple's new book, "Gabby: A Story of Courage and Hope." 
 The invaders had seized 11 of the 13 floors of the building, Balmes, 51 
 The investigation should be complete by the end of the year when the findings will be presented to Deutsche Bank's board of managing directors - with recommendations for action. 
 The investment division of the bank had gambled on subprime securities and was forced to write off billions. 
 The iPhones of some 200 clients and collaborators are going to be equipped to authorise contactless payment. 
 Their appearance and assistance in fundraising for this event undercuts any claims of impartiality, and is unacceptable. 
 Their favourite meals include large number of flour, meat, and sweet dishes. 
 The Irish in Dublin were celebrating their first appearance at the European championship since 1988 in Germany. 
 Their lives flicker here like votive candles lighted in a church; new ones are added to the mix while some wink out. 
 Their only excuse is that from their point of view, NATO raids were not controlled by an American general, but Allah, the greatness of whom they celebrated with each strike. 
 Their stories are mostly taken from memoirs, letters and other already published material. 
 The issue centres on the sale of mortgage securities. 
 The Italian and Greek glass was still considered half full last week, not half empty - now the problems are coming to the fore once again, said Mark Luschini of Janney Montgomery Scott. 
 The Italian association of foreign banks added to the pressure by warning that a failure of Monti would be a disaster. 
 The Italian company Modo Modo, based in Milan, decided to launch a designer notebook. 
 The IT veteran IBM has now earned the title of "Sir IBM." 
 The Japanese prime minister, Yoshihiko Noda, warned on Tuesday that the Japanese authorities would again intervene in the exchanges market if the value of the yen continued to rise. 
 The key story mode is closely connected with the challenge mode; these are the races in individual locations you know from the story. 
 The King of Jordan calls on president Assad to relinquish power 
 The labor market analysis of Sinaloa gets worse when considering the high level of informality that prevails among the working conditions, according to INEGI, 60.38 percent of the active population in the state works without being quoted as workers to any social security institution. 
 The "Lady Marmalade" singer's tirade frightened 18-month-old Genevieve Monk so badly that she suffered "personality changes, sleep disorder" and "increased fear of strangers," her family says in the Manhattan Supreme Court suit. 
 The Lake Zurich banking scandal 
 The land has a slope of seven degrees to 30 degrees. 
 The language may sound innocuous, but nothing about the Libya debate has been easy so far. 
 The last version was opposed by Sen. Richard G. Lugar (Ind.), the committee's top Republican. 
 "The law of 2005, which raised the contributions, created a strong pressure on companies, explains Pierre Blanc." 
 The lawsuit is possibly the last weapon available to the union, District Council 37, in its effort to reverse the layoffs. 
 The lawyer who will stand before the court and argue that the law should be thrown out is likely to be Paul Clement, who served as U.S. solicitor general during the George W. Bush administration. 
 The leader remains Gazprom, which holds 51% of the shareholding. 
 The leader then put the IBM's founder in the shade - Watson's ideas remain the base for invincible company culture and identity. 
 The lights and prerecorded messages booming from the loudspeakers seemed to cow many protesters. 
 The locals thus do not have to worry about expelling of the "crusaders." 
 "The low economic flow is the product of several events, including frost, one of the main effects has been a slow economy which does not turn fast enough for generating an economic dynamism that allows having an acceptable flow level of the processes, products and services and therefore, at the end of the year we are closing it below our expectations," he said. 
 The low February temperatures, not only did they cause losses of millions for the agricultural sector, but they limited the possibilities of the state economy to grow, causing a contraction of the economic activity in general of 3.6 percent in the first half of the year, mainly supported by the historic fall of 31.16 per cent in agriculture, which affected the dynamics of other economic sectors. 
 The main idea of the Chancellor and of the motion, is embodied in the slogan "the right response to the crisis is not less Europe, but more Europe." 
 The man punched her in the face while his son looked on. 
 The man was taken to hospital. 
 The market barometer fluctuated between 12,027 and 12,170 points in the course of trading. 
 The measure, sponsored by Rep. Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.), will be the first constitutional amendment on the budget or any other topic to actually get a floor vote in the House or Senate this Congress. 
 The meeting between both presidents, in the city of Guadalajara, will be "favorable for the exchange of information as regards the political issues between the two nations," as published the Presidency of the South American country on its website. 
 The members of the movement Occupy Wall Street challenged on Tuesday the authorities of New York when trying to enter again, under the protection of a court order, in the Manhattan Square where they were evacuated at dawn when trying to occupy another park of the Big Apple. 
 The memo used the word "excess" to describe the action, even though "excess" more commonly describes the act of moving a teacher from a school's payroll into a pool of available workers whose salaries are paid by the central office. 
 The men, ranging in age from 15 to 25, had sprayed a railway carriage at Hohenschönhausener-Grenzgraben. 
 The men then followed him, punched and kicked their unsuspecting victim and fled with his wallet and mobile. 
 The Mexican Social Security Institute (MSSI) has announced that conducts a research to discover the gene for obesity in children and young people, called the protocol of 'Genetics of obesity in childhood and adolescence', which will provide counting on markers associated with overweight. 
 The Microcredit Summit arises not only as a forum for debate, but also as a platform that promotes "two basic goals." 
 "The military is a top-down structure," she says. 
 The military is decades behind because they don't have the same incentive and deterrent posed by liability. 
 The minister of finance, Jun Azumi, called on the Bank of Japan (BoJ), which on Tuesday opened a two-day meeting of its monetary policy council, to take every necessary step to weaken the yen. 
 The Moleskine notebook is easily recognised, by its black rectangular cover, its elastic, its broken white pages, as if aged over time. 
 The most common verbal indicators are subtle. 
 "The most grotesque expression of this can be seen in the trade of gonococcal pus, which soldiers buy and smear into their genitals in the hope of ending up in hospital," he writes. 
 The most risk-taking bank in Europe is not in Italy or France, but in Switzerland. 
 The motion on the preidency of the European Commission, tabled by the directorate, was adopted almost unanimously. 
 The museum is a branch of the Belvedere museum, which will open the first exhibition on Tuesday evening - a delight in every respect. 
 The mustachioed plumber comes to be three-dimensional with "Super Mario 3D Land" 
 The national band Las Robertas will be responsible for opening the show in Costa Rica. 
 The National Credit Union Administration (NCUA), a financial market regulator, accuses a string of major banks of having used false promises to mislead credit unions into buying the financial products. 
 The National Defense Secretariat made ​​the presentation of the 11 people, including a minor, who were part of a criminal group that operated mainly in the municipality of Cadereyta and who are accused of abductions, killings, "inveigles" and clandestine burials. 
 The NATO mission officially ended Oct. 31. 
 Then Congress's indecision was overtaken by events. 
 The new administration led by the former European Commissioner Monti must approve a tough austerity package demanded by the European leaders in order to regain the confidence in Italy. 
 The new environmental review ordered by the State Department likely would push off any decision until 2013, after next year's elections, though officials denied that politics was involved in the decision. 
 The new Greek prime minister Lucas Papademos affirmed that the implementation of decisions taken at the Eurozone summit on 27 October would be "the principal task" of his government. 
 The new museum was to house the Fritz Wotruba Foundation's permanent collection, a café and a bookshop alongside contemporary art. An office building was also to be built. 
 The next significant event in the history of after revolution travelling came in 2000. High demand resulted in the historically first direct charter flight from the Czech Republic to an exotic country, Thailand. 
 Then look for clusters of deceptive verbal and nonverbal behaviors. 
 The North Stream, a new portal for the entry of Russian gas into Europe 
 The North Stream gasduct connecting Western Europe and Russia directly along the bottom of the Baltic sea, has been commissioned. 
 The North Stream will in fact allow gas to be delivered directly to Germany, avoiding any passage via a third country (Poland or the Ukraine). 
 The notebook draws its inspiration from an old production technique, the mole skin which means varnished cotton used for covering benches, for example. 
 Then there's the question of methodology. 
 The nuclear industry will draw lessons from this accident, as it has from its two predecessors. 
 The number of employees is to double. 
 The number of internal and external employees involved in removing snow from rail facilities and platforms is to double to 16,000. 
 "The number of people who leaves the state in search of a job abroad, in the United States has been restricted, first of all due to the difficulties to enter, and second of all because once they enter they already have too many difficulties in finding a job, that group of people is staying and demanding jobs here, in the state, causing the rate of unemployment to rise, "he said. 
 "The number of such institutes will be growing; it will be a highly two-speed Europe," Vicenová expects. 
 Then, we are left to Google and find out if the tabloids wrote something about a celebrity gaining/losing weight, etc. 
 Then, you belong to the group of women obsessed by their appearance. 
 The offenders initially fled when officers arrived. 
 The one recorded in the second quarter, for the Japanese the Fiscal Year begins in March 2012 - represents also the fastest rhythm of growth from January to March 2010. 
 The only difference, the degree of generosity 
 The only downside is that fans of swimming have to cope with blue glazed tiles and the stench of chlorine while joggers can breathe in the beguiling scent of spruce forests or listen to the bright twittering of birds in the park. 
 The only exception was the period from 1962 to 1972, when we had the opportunity to travel to Yugoslavia. Nevertheless, the Yugoslavian regime turned West, which caused significant limitations to trips to Yugoslavia for Czech tourists. 
 "The only people who were aware of them going into Zuccotti Park were at the very highest levels of the department." 
 The operation on Tuesday involved officers from various police units, including boroughwide task forces - scores of mobile officers who are usually used to flood high-crime neighborhoods. 
 The operation was kept secret from all but a few high-ranking officers, with others initially being told that they were embarking on an exercise. 
 The organization ensures that there are several hundred people camped at that point, where a delegation of religious leaders has already gone to show their support to the members of the movement trying to mediate with the police. 
 The Organization for Cooperation and Economic Development (OECD) said that most member countries showed in September clear signs of economic slowdown. 
 The original external doors have been retained and the building has been painted in the old red-brown colour of rust-proofing. 
 The other is whether a firm that was hired to conduct the original study was an inappropriate choice because it was tied to TransCanada. 
 The other passengers on the tram were unhurt. 
 The others are the German companies E.ON and BASF (15.5% each) and the Dutch Gasunie and the French Group GDF Suez (9% each). 
 The overnight hours of Monday into Tuesday were chosen because Zuccotti Park would be at its emptiest. 
 The owner, Maria Pantinat told to Europa Press that since the building was occupied her business went down 80%. 
 The owner of the club says that the invaders of the farm made ​​her an unfair competition, since they were selling drinks for three Euros, while in the club worth 10. 
 The owner of the vehicle later stated that her car had been stolen some time earlier. 
 The pace pales in comparison to that of the early 1990s, when members regularly offered more than 150 amendments every two years, according to numbers provided by the Senate Library. 
 The partisans of Bachar al-Assad demonstrated yesterday in front of the offices of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 
 The parts outside the car are new. 
 The pavilion, planned as a temporary exhibition building, was relocated to the Schweizer Garten near Vienna's Südbahnhof, converted and opened as the Museum of the 20th Century in 1962 - and is widely referred to as the "20er Haus" for this reason. 
 The Pentagon already is digesting $450 billion of reductions over the next decade but now fears an additional $600 billion or more in cuts may be imminent if Congress cannot reach a deal on spending. 
 "The performance of the economy in Sinaloa this year has been really poor, one has to work hard in order to regain the ground lost this year, in 2012 we must redouble our efforts, we failed to align the efforts of all and above all the good and synchronized motion of the new government team, we hope that next year will be much better" he said. 
 The photo of the burnt out ruin of Solingen is deeply engrained in German and Turkish memory. 
 The pictures show the sequence in which it dismantled along that journey. 
 The pipeline is a long metal serpent, of weight equivalent to that of 242 Eiffel towers, with no breaks throughout its length, no valves and no maintenance stations. 
 The police announced in a statement on Monday that he had been taken to hospital with head injuries and could not be questioned. 
 The police announced in a statement on Saturday that the 49-year-old Berlin Transport Authority (BVG) worker had to stop on Seestrasse in Wedding when she was suddenly attacked by the 30-year-old man. 
 The police announced in a statement on Saturday that the man was out and about on Martin-Opitz-Strasse at around 23:30 when he was approached by the three offenders and asked for the time. 
 The police announced in a statement that around 70 cinema-goers at a late night viewing had to leave the cinema on Rathausstrasse shortly after midnight. 
 The police announced in a statement that bags, money, mobile phones, bank cards and bunches of keys have been stolen in a total of twelve thefts since mid-October. 
 The police announced in a statement that construction materials set on fire at around 12:00 during welding work on Tiergartenstrasse. 
 The police announced in a statement that four men aged between 18 and 21 began arguing with two restaurant workers on Prenzlauer Promenade at around 01:20. 
 The police announced in a statement that he had threatened a 25-year-old employee with a firearm and demanded money be handed over. 
 The police announced in a statement that he was taken to hospital with injuries to the face and leg. 
 The police announced in a statement that one 19-year-old has been arrested subsequently on suspicion. 
 The police announced in a statement that the 25-year-old mini van driver came off the road on Monday afternoon on an A road near Wiesenburg and skidded into a crash barrier. The cause of the accident is not yet known. 
 The police announced in a statement that the 32-year-old was out and about on Sunday in the vicinity of her flat when she was shot in the back. 
 The police announced in a statement that the hooded perpetrator surprised the woman on Friday at a parking space in front of a shop and tried to grab her handbag. 
 The police announced in a statement that the man attempted to cross a street at the pedestrian crossing on Saturday and was not spotted by a female driver. 
 The police announced in a statement that the man had skidded on Möllendorfstrasse, crashed into a tramway pylon and had landed on the trackbed. 
 The police announced in a statement that the six youths were arrested on Sunday in Marzahn. 
 The police have caught six graffiti sprayers. 
 The police identified four suspects - a 19-year-old is the primary suspect. 
 The politicians approved up to 68 billion Swiss francs (around 45 billion Euros) to save the bank from bankruptcy. 
 The popular leader explained that before the summer there was only one floor of the building occupied, but over the last few months the squatters had entered into all floors and in almost every floor and that in some of them occurred burglaries. 
 The population judges as positive Obama's the balance of national security, which eliminated Bin Laden. 
 The possibility of counting "vote by vote" is a reality as regards the electoral process of this year in Michoacán, where according to the data obtained from the Preliminary Electoral Results Program (PERP) the difference between the first and the second place of the governor's election is of only 27 percent, even without counting the votes that correspond to 879 of the total 6.074 minutes. 
 The president gave Trinijove as an example for fighting against the bad circumstances and giving hope to people with difficulties. 
 The president of Foodwatch, Thilo Bode, welcomed the news while emphasising his criticism of the financial sector. "Betting on rising food prices is an extreme example of how thoughtlessly banks are currently acting against the common interest." 
 The president of the Chamber or deputies, Gianfranco Fini, said that he would wait to learn if Mario Monti would ask parliament for a vote of confidence between now and Friday, to ascertain whether the new government had enough support. 
 The PRI is hoping to win the presidential election in July. 
 The prime minister-designate had to form a team, most importantly comprising technocrats, even though he stressed that he would also like to include "politicians." 
 The PRI ruled Mexico for seven decades until losing the presidency in 2000. 
 The private television channel CTV announced today that Anderson, along with the "crooner" (ballad singer) Michael Buble and other prominent Canadians, will appear on the television program "It's a Russell Peters Christmas" on December 1st, interpreting a very different Mary. 
 "The problem is that there are still many undocumented Colombians," said CTI expert. 
 The problems facing the latest alterations were much greater. The building was "an energy guzzler," says Krischanitz. 
 The product genius that led to that monopolistic position is rotted out by people who have no conception of good products vs. bad products - the craftsmanship required. 
 "The progress achieved since 15 years ago is considerable." 
 The project is already attracting interest from tourists. 
 The project was fiercely competed for by Poland and the Baltic States. 
 The proposal to remove Article 365 from the Code of Criminal Procedure, upon which the former Prime Minister was sentenced, was supported by 147 members of parliament. 
 The proud Swiss bank, it seems, is to be spared nothing. 
 "The purpose is to hold Patti LaBelle responsible for her conduct," Davis said. 
 "The quality of these particular customers is pretty strong." 
 The queen highlights the "dominant" place in Spain in relation to this type of finance 
 The Queen opened yesterday the Fifth Global Microcredit Summit in Valladolid with the belief that "there is no doubt" that such operations are "absolutely essential" to achieve the Millennium Goals set by the United Nations for 2015, and, "especially having as a goal halving the volume of people living with less than a dollar per day, with this fixing the "poverty line." 
 The question comes alone: Collserola? Park or mountain? 
 The question is: How to proceed in the 3rd round to avoid mate? 
 the rates are climbing, the stock exchanges are wavering 
 There are also moments where Jobs" perfectionism rises to the surface, where he seems impatient about Cringely's questions, nudging him to move faster towards issues or subplots of greater import. 
 There are at least 15 versions of the balanced budget amendment in the House alone, and another handful that would "control federal spending." 
 "There are elements that allow us saying that the government is becoming more inclusive, and what I can say is that there is work done and I think the government is aware that there is work to do," he said. 
 There are, he notes, "837 registered meat substitutes permissible in the production of sausages, 511 registered coffee substitutes." 
 There are just a few types, but it is sufficient. 
 There are "many achievements" and "many challenges we are facing." 
 There are so many I could talk all afternoon about the bassists that I love. 
 There are tradeoffs you have to make - certain things you can't make electrons do, glass do, robots do, factories do. 
 There cannot be concluded that the government, by issuing the contested decree, that invades in any way the competence of the Congress, is providing in the administrative area the observation of the laws issued by the Legislature, he said. 
 There could be no repeat of episodes in recent weeks, like the pepper-spraying of protesters, that violated department rules and created a firestorm of public sympathy for the squatters. 
 The recovery can be explained in part by the recovery in the purchase of machinery to restore areas devastated by the earthquake and the following tsunami. 
 The referee Wolfgang Stark from Ergolding then garnered some attention. 
 The reference was not Central Park, but Yellowstone, with the wild boar on the role of Yogi Bear. 
 The regulator had also approached other major banks and sued JPMorgan Chase, the Royal Bank of Scotland and Goldman Sachs in the summer. 
 The regulator is demanding that the Frankfurt-based bank take responsibility for "substantial losses," but has not yet specified the exact sum. 
 There have been instances where teachers have given students test answers in order to make themselves look good on their performance reviews. 
 There is a lot of consensus between the Left and the Right on this subject. 
 There is also a speculation that Valley sinned for her defects on the posterior and the fibrosis that could be seen on her abdomen, but it is contradictory because the jury specifically chose her as the candidate 'natural beauty' with the healthier body, good nutrition and responsible physical work. 
 There is also some delay in the delivery of ICE trains. 
 There is disquiet about the transfer of sovereignty to Europe, but it is the entire Europe, which is gradually losing its sovereignty, and with its each of its nations. 
 "There is however still a huge amount to do." 
 There is not much time left for an agreement between the parties. 
 There is still no agreement as to which election rules to follow. 
 The relocated pavilion 
 The remains of the pilot Felipe Bacio Cortes arrived in Saltillo, his hometown, this Sunday night; on Monday there were carried out the reconnaissance and a requiem mass. 
 There must be made contributions to works 
 The replacement of analog with digital is one of the most important changes that has hit the world in recent years 
 The report, released in March, also examines prosecution rates: in 2010, 20 percent of reported cases in the military went to trial - half the rate of the civilian justice system. 
 The representation should be the shopping window of football. 
 "There's a tremendous amount of craftsmanship between a great idea and a great product... as you evolve that great idea, it changes and grows." 
 The researcher said that, in a case of theft, he had to remove a piece of the wall of a house because in that place the thief had supported his hand on to take a safe full of jewels and money. 
 The researchers put a small bucket with a moth larva in a vertical cylinder. 
 The research invites the population entitled or not, to participate by going to the participant sport units of the MSSI in the Valley of Mexico, where there will be carried out the tests to children, every Saturday from 8:00 o'clock. 
 The research took place at the end of last year's school year; it included almost 900 elementary school children from throughout Bohemia. 
 The research was performed among 900 children. 
 There should be noted that in this situation is the election of Morelia, where according to PERP the difference between the first and the second place is of just 0.16 percent, even without counting the votes of 129 of the 923 total minutes. 
 There's no magic bullet for detecting lies, but developing skills to ferret out deception is possible. 
 "There's no substitute for going into the real world and speaking to real people," he says. 
 The resolution also "affirms the national interest of the United States in a successful and irreversible transition to democracy in Libya." 
 The responsible of "Occupy Wall Street" also indicated that they intend to organize "great deeds" for Thursday in collaboration with community organizations and unions, in order to commemorate the last two months of protests, which began on September 17th. 
 The rest doesn't come near the 20. 
 The result: between those two wars, 150 female soldiers have died - two thirds of them during combat situations. 
 The results are worse than estimates by analysts. 
 The Revolution of interests would not be enough. 
 There was never any question, however, that xenophobia does exist in Germany. 
 The Right rejects new austerity measures 
 The right-wing extremist network that has now been discovered, however, is on a scale that has not yet been fully understood. 
 The risk of contagion of the debt crisis is undermining European indices. 
 Thermal bridge steel girders were strengthened or replaced and asbestos was removed from ceilings. 
 The route is divided into ten stages, subdivided into over fifty races. 
 The Sabah newspaper, on the other hand, points out that one of the perpetrators was a confidential informant for the intelligence services and expresses concern that the German authorities may be caught up in the right-wing extremist quagmire. 
 The same November 9th, the Supreme Court of Justice (SCJ) resolved the constitutional controversy promoted by the local legislature and described as "invalid and illegal" the vote of the state representative for the constitutional reforms, since he has no right "to sanction or vote them." 
 "These changes would break faith with those who maintain our military and seriously damage readiness." 
 The second catastrophe followed closely on the heels of the first. 
 The Secretary of State for International Cooperation, Soraya Rodriguez, praised the "success" to give "trust" to people "excluded to whom all doors are closed," and the mayor of Valladolid, Francisco Javier Leon de la Riva, welcomed those present to a city that "opens its doors caught by the spirit of solidarity." 
 These five companies have created a joint enterprise called North Stream, delegated to construct and to operate the gasduct. 
 These issues, he said, "require the operation of the entire system established under the principle of the state economic stewardship, comprises a group of powers which the Constitution leads to the state executive power." 
 "The sequester is a threat to the national security interests of the United States, and it should not be allowed to occur." 
 "The servicemen and women were regarded as heroes," said David Saltzman, who organized the spring fundraiser. 
 These skills will enhance anyone's chances of avoiding victimization by scam artists in their professional and personal lives. 
 These tensions of the rates of interest of southern countries, but also France, continue to feed the apprehensions of participants. 
 These two countries will lose some of their power: it will become more difficult for them to influence Russia by threatening to close access to West European markets. 
 The share price of his investment company Berkshire Hathaway fell 1.3 percent. 
 The share price went up 1.5 percent after the corporation picked up the biggest order in its history. 
 The show documented her difficult journey back from the damage inflicted by a bullet that fractured her skull and pierced the left side of her brain, passing from the front to the back of her head. 
 The site's Data Team has worked up stats on relationship status and Valentine's Day, voter turnout in the 2010 midterms, and a National Happiness Index (mainly using information only it can access - champions of digital freedom have long held that the site should make its vast trove of data available to others for research.) 
 "The situation is bad." 
 The skills mentioned are really not my cup of tea. 
 The small Italian company, which had only 12 employees at the start, now has almost 100 and two offices, one in Milan and the other in New York. 
 The smell comes from the hydrogen carbonate in the alkaline water. The water is almost black with silt that sticks to the skin as soon as you slide into the pool - a wellness experience of a particular kind. 
 The social works referred to in the programs such as Habitat, Rescue of Public Spaces and 3x1 for migrants risk not to be completed or to have serious delays due to the lack of funds, said Miguel Angel Lopez Miranda. 
 The specialist in health legislation, Margaret Somerville also expressed "strong opposition to the conclusions of the report, which she described as being "obviously pro-euthanasia." 
 The special traced Giffords's recovery since the Jan. 8 shooting. 
 The spread of the rate between 10-year German and Spanish bonds has reached a new historically high level. 
 The squatters, who had invaded 11 of the 13 floors of the building, the rest are inhabited- took all the wiring and part of the water, painted the walls and left residues of all kinds, especially alcoholic beverage cans. 
 The standing ovation lasting several minutes which they, Angela Merkel and then a few hours later, Wolfgang Schäuble, the very Europhile Minister of Finance, received at the end of their respective speeches, left no room for doubt. 
 The starkly conflicting impressions illustrate the uneasy relationship that has taken hold between the military and an often distant, sometimes adoring American public. 
 The State Department's current Environmental Impact Study found the project would pose only limited adverse environmental impacts, but the energy industry source said the department's inspector general has ordered a separate probe of the review process, centering on two questions. 
 The stigma of the yen 
 The story of Libya's liberation, or rebellion, already has its defeated. 
 The strengthening of legislation since 2002 has led to systematic controls of certificates valid for longer than 45 days. 
 The stronger sex also agrees that the higher the frequency of such complaints, the more annoying women are. 
 The structural stability of the construction pit would now also have to be checked, said a fire brigade spokesman. 
 The study is based on a report presented by Foodwatch in mid-October. 
 The suit alleges that Gates and Rumsfeld failed to curtail widespread rape within the military, in violation of soldiers" constitutional rights. 
 The suit seeks unspecified damages, but the family's lawyer, Sam Davis, said he took the case for free and that the family plans to donate any money it gets to a children's cancer charity. 
 The suit will list Mr. Walcott and the city's Department of Education as defendants, and counts eight laid-off workers as plaintiffs, all of them black or Latino women, as were most of the aides who lost their jobs. 
 The support of the LDP, the largest party in Italy, is significant because until now many of its members had opposed the government majority made of technocrats that Monti is forming. 
 The Supreme Court of Justice (SCJ) rejected the constitutional controversies brought by the Senate and House of Representatives against the presidential decree that brings forward the so-called "digital television transition" from 2021 to 2015, since the eight votes needed to invalidate it were not obtained. 
 "The surgeries are fine, but Valley did not know how to do them. 
 The surveillance of the state of the gasduct is provided by an undersea robot, pulled by a ship for outside observation, as well as by an apparatus circulating within the gasduct. 
 The survey also showed that children are willing to adjust their eating habits provided they are given correct information. 
 The Swiss banks have resided here for hundreds of years - from the National Bank to the palace of Credit Suisse and elite private banks such as Julius Bär. 
 The team is supported by specialists and graduate students from the National Institute of Public Health (NIPH) and the Centre for Research and Advanced Studies (Cinvestav) National Polytechnic Institute (NPI). 
 The technical part of the game is nothing extraordinary; but the overall visual impression is mostly pleasant, sometimes even great. 
 The Texas governor Rick Perry, who supports Israel and wants military strikes against Iran, says that he is ready to involve the USA army in Mexico against the drug cartels. 
 The thing is that when he is driving in front of you, he makes your vision worse, which causes you to crash the car a few times in the section. 
 The three were face down. 
 The Ticos players, however, have a limited international experience in an area such as CONCACAF, which is considered the lowest level within FIFA 
 The title, which arrives in the stores around the world this month, has been designed to exploit the features of the potable console Nintendo 3DS, which allows playing in three dimensions without the need of using glasses. 
 The topic is a sensitive one for military leaders, who do not want to appear ungrateful or at odds with the public they serve. 
 The total cost of the works will be 7.4 thousand million Euros for the two pipelines. 
 The total vote count will also be done if at the end of the ordinary calculation is established that the difference between the winner and the candidate placed on second position is equal to or less than one percentage point, as long as there is a request of the representative of the political party whose candidate came on the second position, case in which there will be excluded the electoral boxes that have been considered during the partial recount. 
 The tot was crying so hard that she vomited, she added. 
 The trailing Hurricanes' Voráček won the puck and presented it to Maxim Talbot, who scored between the circles. 
 The training takes place every Saturday and Sunday, but it is really packed with information. 
 The tram driver was slightly injured. 
 The tram was forced to break abruptly on Herzbergallee when a vehicle stopped suddenly in front of it. 
 The troops are lavished with praise for their sacrifices. 
 The truth is that the lines of the forefront of democratic struggle have now moved, and that for many, the republican soldiers are no longer firing in the right direction. 
 The Turkish Community of Germany (TGD) reacted calmly, remembering the victims of racial violence during a silent vigil in front of the Brandenburg Gate at the weekend. 
 The Turkish press at the time complained mainly of the failure of German policy following the attacks. Helmut Kohl declined to visit the survivors in Mölln. 
 The Turks almost managed the perfect start in front of 31,000 spectators at the Maksimir stadium. 
 The two senators had written Panetta 10 days ago, asking for details of the potential impact of the automatic cuts on the Defense Department. 
 The UBS Chairman has been considered ailing ever since - and everyone is asking: when will Axel Weber finally arrive? 
 The undersea pipeline is made of steel embedded in concrete, in order to protect it from ships' anchors. 
 The unfolding sovereign debt crisis in Europe has raised fears that it could push the global economy back into recession and prompted calls for leading emerging economies to band together to help the eurozone find a solution. 
 The union also claims that high school principals may have been misled by the language in a memo authorizing the dismissal of parent coordinators. 
 The union representing hundreds of school support workers who lost their jobs last month plans to sue the city on Wednesday, claiming the layoffs were unnecessary and discriminatory because of their disproportionate impact on schools that serve poor students. 
 The United States, decided after Fukushima to add a unit to their range by resuming the construction of a centre, which was interrupted after the Three Mile Island accident. 
 The US investment bank, Lehman Brothers, went belly up in September 2008 at the height of the financial crisis. 
 The Valley gets its title number 14 of princess. 
 The vehicle hit the wheelchair and the man fell onto the road and suffered head injuries. 
 The vehicle was an older model. 
 The verdict is not yet final; the court will hear Tymoshenko's appeal in December. 
 The victims were mainly elderly women tending the plots of relatives. 
 "The walls are difficult because they are not suitable surfaces to get a print, but in this case we could get the print of the whole hand and identify the offender, who had participated in several robberies" he said. 
 The walls within are clad in marble behind vast leather armchairs. There is a large sign to the "Safe" next to the bank's logo. 
 The weather, especially humidity and temperature variations are also a very important factor to consider, especially water, he said, because it greatly affects the performance of the asphalt. 
 The week of Eliazar's operation against alias Alfonso Cano he was warned to take clothes only for three days. 
 The whole of Switzerland was shocked - the country recognised the dramatic consequences for a small country of being home to such large banks. 
 The window profiles of the glass facade were replaced, fibreglass-reinforced safety glass was put in and the glass roof was replaced by high-grade safety glass. 
 The winning goal was scored just before full-time. 
 The woman was admitted to hospital with serious injuries. 
 The woman was knocked down and taken to hospital for inpatient care in a critical state. 
 The wonderful Petr Čech is one of the reasons the Czech representation team will not miss the next year's European Championship. And Czech football will thus gain nearly 200 million Czech Crowns. 
 The work of these officials is a key work. 
 The world according to the republican presidential candidates 
 The world market leader in enterprise software plans to double its number of offices from five to ten or eleven. 
 The world's third biggest economic power has resumed growth in the third quarter -1,5% compared with the previous quarter - for the first time for a year, thanks to a rise in exports and consumption of households affected by the catastrophe. 
 The worst discovery was the fact that in one tenth of households people do not have breakfast at all. 
 The Worst Feminine Habits: Do They Concern You? 
 They also suggest among their other recommendations, that the penal code should state that legally valid withdrawal of nursing care is not criminal. 
 They analyze the possibility of a "vote by vote" count in Michoacán 
 They are just interactive animations, where most of the time Jack is running away from someone and you need to help him by pressing the right buttons at the right time. 
 They are rather old: 37% are over 50 (17% on average). 
 They are underpinned by home loans. 
 They condemn him for 8 kilograms of marijuana 
 They created a live shield. 
 They do not always stutter, stammer, blush or fidget. 
 The year 2011 should actually end on an 11% rise of worldwide sales of microprocessors (Bank cards, telephones with a SIM card ...), with over 6 thousand million units, according to Eurosmart. 
 The yesterday celebration at Sant Andreu gathered a large number of responsible entities and institutions that in these 25 years have collaborated with the association. 
 "They feel it's high time someone leads the association," claims the man chiefly connected with the Jablonec club; but he spent many years in Sparta and the association's executive board. 
 They give him a last farewell 
 They grabbed defeat from victory. 
 They had left their bicycles or Zimmer frames with valuables nearby. 
 They had used a ladder to climb onto the carriage and had smashed a window. 
 "They have a natural hedge," he said. 
 "They have been delayed. 
 They have rather a low level of qualifications; 80% do not have the "bac" and out of the 2.3 million students in higher education only 10 000 are handicapped. 
 They have recently found a dead man, with liquor bottles around him. 
 "They have to contribute with almost 12 million and even though the year is ending they have not given us a dime." 
 "They have to contribute with almost 12 million and even though the year is ending they have not given us a dime, since starting with July they had to give us a part," he said, "in order not to delay we have started the works and they are very advanced, but we need the money." 
 They insist with good reason on the setback of his naive dialogue with Iran on the premature departure of the "boys" from Iraq, his tergiversations in Libya labelling him weak. 
 They owned technologies such as the legendary "time clock," i.e. a clock recording the time when employees arrive and leave work. 
 "They put me into the psychiatric unit, and when I got out, I remember saying to my command officer, "That wasn't his trial. That was my trial."" 
 They recall that Obama himself was an amateur and that he had to water down his wine concerning anti-terrorism. 
 "They were rolled out like some sort of orphan kid," the officer wrote in an e-mail. 
 They will also be asked about physical activity and family hereditary history of disease, in order to avoid risk factors that give rise to diseases such as diabetes or kidney failure. 
 The zero taken on Friday from Bosnia obliges the Portuguese to win. 
 Things have changed since the '50s. 
 Think tanks, medical researchers and political scientists are using the site to study everything from health issues to social trends as expressed in 'Likes', wall posts and status updates. 
 This can only be done by constructing a more democratic Europe on political level, a real popular European sovereignty. 
 This could mean modifications of the Treaty of Lisbon, making it possible to strengthen the control by the European Union of the budgetary policies of the countries of the Eurozone, but this could also affect the election of the president of the European Commission by universal suffrage "in order to impart a face to Europe." 
 This cultural signature accompanies the development of Moleskine; recently, the brand launched an exhibition "Detour" where architects or artists exhibit their own notebook. 
 This enables one to know if they cause messages to be monitored, if they subscribe new accounts, if they have favourite messages, etc. 
 This especially concerns accidents with large number of participants, where fluent recoding would not help you much anyway. 
 This experience was followed a year later by the first World Summit in Washington and other meetings such as those held in Ivory Coast in 1999, Canada 2006, and "in all I have seen the continued evolution," said His Majesty, whose link with this project made her earn yesterday the title of the "head of the family" in Valladolid from the "banker of the poor." 
 This footage, slightly re-edited, is the basis of the 68-minute Steve Jobs: The Lost Interview, coming to Landmark Theaters this Wednesday and Thursday. 
 "This gasduct is a component of partnership with Russia, it is a new artery which links us organically," confirmed François Fillon inaugurating the gasduct, demonstrating to what extent large gas contracts are both politically and economically important. 
 This gives him the reason to believe he is experienced enough to manage Czech football. 
 This harmless desire for cleanliness may threaten your relationships, as well as the entire family. 
 This has actually been monitored constantly since 2002 via political offensives, which have usually borne fruit. 
 This incursion of Super Mario in three dimensions represents also the return of the character to a portable console, fact that has not occurred since 2005. 
 "This information reinforces the hypothesis of a normal cruise operation at the time of the impact," he said. 
 This is 200 bar on leaving and 100 bar on arrival. 
 This is a moving book, almost from the start. 
 "This is an advance, but it is undoubtedly necessary to await more exact proofs before talking about operational cooperation between Aqmi and Boko Haram." 
 This is an excerpt of the conversation, whose full transcript is online in The Nation. 
 "This is a real path forward," Rep. Lee Terry, a Republican from Nebraska, told Fox News. 
 This is called "baselining." 
 "This is clearly a huge positive for Boeing," Morningstar analyst Neal Dihora said. 
 This is especially annoying in situations where you can see how your rival drives through the two cars coming in the opposite direction so easily, while when you get there, the cars are already positioned so that you have to either drive around or slow down. 
 This is, generally speaking, the case of one of the proposals of the motion adopted by the congress, whose inspiration clearly comes from Wolfgang Schäuble. 
 This is how it differs from, for example, its competitor, Microsoft, which basically stands and falls on Windows, its operating system. 
 This is just a fragment of what we heard during the second weekend course session. 
 This is most obvious at the end of the game, on a long bridge, where you are driving in the opposite direction. 
 "This is not an outcome that we can live with, and it is certainly not one that we should impose on ourselves." 
 This is not the case of Belgium, which subordinates its decision to the need to find a source able to replace nuclear energy, or that of Switzerland, which intends to build only the most modern ones. 
 This is one the conclusions of an imposing report by the Royal Society of Canada, in which six experts in different fields took part, including ethics, the law and medicine. 
 "This is too, is why some of them now doubt his true character," Pelta said about his rival. Pelta himself claims to be true to the proclamations he announced in September. 
 This is what a stylist and designer, Mario Kameník, was telling us about. 
 This is why, two days before the election the international jury Lucy Doughty said they were seeking a woman committed to the social needs of her country. 
 This legislation was passed after the death of Martin Luther King to punish acts of violence linked to race, colour of skin, religion, origin and now sexual orientation. 
 This lesson remains valid. 
 This makes it an aid in case something does not work out, but you cannot rely on it completely. 
 This means each race takes place on a different route, and given stages are set in varied and interesting environments. 
 This means that it is nothing special anymore, but it cannot be considered a negative. 
 This means that the resistance of the street asphalt is not uniform, but is modified during the day according to the environmental conditions and temperature, said the specialist in chemical engineering. 
 This means they are not really mistakes, but the expression of an incomprehensible laziness of the developers. 
 This new Twitter formula was tested "on a small percentage of users in August"before being broadcast to the entire network on Monday, indicated a spokeswoman of Twitter, Carolyn Penner to AFP. 
 This notion of immigration being a burden and a problem, may be an electoral asset, but it is economically very costly. 
 This opinion is shared by another candidate, Rajchl, whom Paclík supported before the September general meeting that ended as a fiasco. 
 This renders the answer perceptual rather than factual and is often a red flag. 
 This requires real skill. 
 "This resolution is about honoring the courageous people of Libya as they begin to rebuild their country," Kerry said. 
 This rise of the Japanese currency damages Japanese exports, because it makes Japanese products more expensive and reduces the value of income of Japanese firms from abroad, when converted into the national currency. 
 This sealed the fate of a number of financial companies when the US property bubble exploded in 2007. 
 This single point has been partially settled since, thanks to a recommendation of the Institute of State and Law, according to which representation based on power of attorney is not possible. 
 This summer, lawmakers from both parties squabbled with each other and the White House over the wording of a series of resolutions to approve or disapprove of the U.S. military's role in the NATO mission in Libya. 
 This time Melina Ramirez Serna had to be content with being on the winning podium, wearing the silver crown and the band that accredited her as the new princess of Colombia. 
 This time, together with Alenka, the Director, (there is not a single man in the course) we discussed how to dress a woman whose body is not in perfect symmetry. 
 This Tuesday morning the yield of Italian 10-year debentures attained 6,85%, that of Spanish ones of the same maturity date, 6,2%. 
 This type of notebook is said to be highly prized by writers and travellers. 
 This variable climbed 1%, driven by the increase of expenditure for cars, travels and leisure activities. 
 This was declared on Monday 14 November by the Prime Minister Lucas Papadémos in parliament, adding that the 100 days granted to his coalition government were not long enough for the accomplishment of this task. 
 This was fully shown on September 16, when a new President was to be chosen. 
 This was stated by the bassist and founding member, Jeff Ament, who spoke exclusively with Viva, from Brazil, last week. 
 This way, they express their readiness to protect their country's nuclear program with their own lives. 
 This week, a landmark hearing will decide whether 28 women and men have a case against the military for alleged inaction on rape. 
 This week, on Nov. 18, Lyman and 27 other current and former military personnel will anxiously await a court ruling in a historic hearing to be held in Arlington, Va., that will decide whether a suit they have brought against former defense secretary Robert Gates and his predecessor, Donald Rumsfeld, will go to trial. 
 This year, Carrefour issued 2,5 million contactless MasterCards. 
 Those are the questions Axel Weber is definitely already asking himself. 
 "Those who are really desperate rub it into their eyes, which often results in lifelong blindness." 
 threatens fresh intervention on the exchange market 
 Three bodies are found left in the NL Cadereyta farm 
 Three hooligans attacked the 41-year-old man on Saturday and sprayed pepper spray into his face after punching him. 
 Three men were found shot dead in different parts of the body and with the shot of grace, in an abandoned farm of the municipality of Cadereyta Jimenez, Nuevo Leon. 
 Three months ago, she made a surprise return to the House to triumphantly cast her vote on the debt-ceiling deal. 
 Three of the four rooks even managed it at the first attempt. 
 "Throughout the years in business, I'd always ask: "Why do you do things?" and the answers you invariably get are: "Oh, that's just the way it's done."" 
 "Throw the underwear into the bin." 
 Thus ends the process for Guatemala to respond to the request of north country that claimed for Portillo to judge him there. 
 Thus, His Majesty explained that she hopes that at the end of 2015, 175 million poor families will have acceded to these financial services and one hundred million of these households will get out of the poverty in which they are immersed. 
 Thus, the partial recount of one or more electoral boxes may occur in the assumptions that: the results of the records do not match; there is no record of the count on the record of the box or they are not included in the power of the president; or when there are obvious errors or alterations of the minutes. 
 Th World Labour Organisation estimates that for example in Germany, an immigrant arriving at the age of 30, will make a net contribution (receipts less expenditure) of an average of 150,000 Euros to public budgets during his lifetime. 
 Tiergartenstrasse was closed to car and bus traffic during the fire-fighting operation. 
 Tighter to the question, Modolo believes that simplifying the Collserola valley side "can be understood as a park, Barcelona, ​​not" by a purely topographical issue. 
 To achieve higher speeds, it is now necessary to equip their clients. 
 "To be able to play against them, that is pure happiness!" 
 To construct it, it was necessary to avoid minefields dating back to the second World War. 
 To date, more than 30,000 internet users have joined the organisation's campaign. 
 Today, IBM CZ also runs a strategic outsourcing centre in Brno. 
 Today I read "Crime and Punishment' it is a book of universal literature that we all should read; and now I'm reading the book by Irene Nemirovski, a Russian, a beautiful book called "The heat of blood.' 
 Today, the Ukraine parliament dismissed, within the Code of Criminal Procedure amendment, the motion to revoke an article based on which the opposition leader, Yulia Tymoshenko, was sentenced. 
 To do so would require it crossing six states. 
 To establish the Republic in France, it was necessary to "make" republicans. 
 To have some change from listening, and gain some practical experience, we learned how to properly underlay shoe soles. 
 Tokyo has entrusted to the internal market, when the yen-the Nippon currency has become one of the "refuge values" chosen by investors who wanted to get rid of the debt crisis in the euro area and the negative forecasts of the U.S., a privilege that weighs like a stone in the accounts of export companies. 
 "To limit the influence of some interest groups that tend to influence the disciplinary and appeal board, leading to disgusting situations," Paclík said. He does not hide his antipathy for, e.g. Sparta's Director, Daniel Křetínský. 
 To make Europe, let us make Europeans. 
 Tomáš Plekanec failed to score on one of their raids. 
 To plug the hole, UBS entered on an adventure that almost cost it its existence. 
 "To pursue the efforts of rescuing the economy, we need the support of our European partners and a new programme of budgetary adjustment " declared the head of government, who made his first public speech opening the debate on the vote of confidence in parliament on Wednesday. 
 To solve the energy equation, it must be admitted that there is no miraculous or diabolical source of production of electricity. 
 To the questioner she answered 
 To the wide public, IMB is a symbol of technological revolution; the company is seen as a highly temporary one, yet it was founded over a hundred years ago. 
 To this is added the Spanish Fury experience in complicated qualifications for Euro and World Cup. 
 Towards 10 a.m. the European currency is worth 1,3570 dollars, having fallen by 0,4%. 
 Toyota or Sony, for example, blamed the yen for their weak results between July and September. 
 Tragic it may be. 
 Trainer Giovanni Trapattoni's team - already looking assured of a place following the 4:0 victory in the first leg - took the lead in the 32nd minute thanks to a goal from Stephen Ward. 
 TransCanada official Alex Pourbax says the company remains confident it will eventually get a pipeline approved, albeit with a different route. 
 TransCanada said Monday evening it will move the planned pipeline out of the environmentally sensitive Sandhills area of Nebraska, and is confident the project will still win approval. 
 Trapattoni going to Euro 2012 
 Trinijove has helped 6,000 young people at risk 
 Trinijove was born in the neighborhood of Trinitat Vella in 1986 with the aim of helping young people with little education, no job, and drug problems or at risk of falling into marginality. 
 Tripoli fell to Libyan rebels in August, and Gaddafi was killed Oct. 20. 
 Troops are recognized for the number of tours they have endured, the number of friends they have lost or the extent of their injuries. 
 Troops feel more pity than respect 
 Twelve people left voluntarily yesterday at noon the property they were illegally occupying, and where they organized macro parties that exasperated the neighborhood, by court order without police intervention. 
 Twenty years later, IBM sold computer production to a Chinese company, Lenovo, While buying the consultant division of PricewaterhouseCoopers, and thus commenced its full focus on consulting and high added value services. 
 Two 19-year-olds attempted to help, but were immediately punched and kicked by the four men. 
 Two assists in the match also belonged to Jágr's team-mate, Jakub Voráček. 
 Two days after the suspension of Syria from membership of the Arab League, the European Union has reinforced its sanctions against Damascus, whilst Syria's neighbours Turkey and Jordan, came out in favour of president Assad's departure. 
 Two days before the general meeting of the football association, one of the Presidential candidates, Miroslav Pelta, promised that if he is elected, he would strive for new FAČR regulations to avoid future disputes over the election rules. 
 "Two large French establishments have undertaken to distribute systematically in future to their clients, bank cards equipped for contactless use, announces Gérard Nébouy, Director-General of Visa Europe France. 
 Two lower floors created space for the new use of the building, a sunken light well between the building and the street provides lighting, a bridge leads to the entrance - almost a new building, but still the delicate Schwanzer pavilion. 
 Two names are connected with the rise of UBS: Peter Wuffli, Group CEO of UBS from 2001 to 2007, and Marcel Ospel, Chairman of the Board of Directors. 
 Two of the three major Swiss banks consolidated into a single, vast group in June 1998. 
 Two other civilians died during exchanges of fire and heavy rifles at Jobar in the besieged town of Homs, according tot his ONG. 
 Two people at a fast food restaurant in Pankow were injured in a punch-up on Saturday night. 
 Two thirds of those questioned demand that Deutsche Bank and other banks cease trading in agricultural commodities, as trading deepens the problems faced by the very poorest people around the world. 
 Tymoshenko claims the verdict is a political revenge of the regime; in the West, the trial has also evoked suspicion of being biased. 
 Typical for the NFS series though, in the end many things are different from what we expected. 
 Typically, when overtaking or passing cars tightly in common traffic, you sometimes lightly touch the other car. Yet sometimes in nearly identical situation your car ends up in wild pirouettes. 
 UBS almost went bankrupt during the financial crisis and has been struggling from one crisis to the next ever since. 
 UBS also agreed to pay 780 million dollars consisting of repayment of unjustified profits from the business and a penalty. 
 UBS announced a capital increase, believe it or not, of 13 billion Swiss francs to face the crisis. 
 UBS CEO, Oswald Grübel - a banker not only famous in Switzerland - had to go. 
 UBS had an excellent reputation until 2007. 
 UBS had gaps in its US mortgage products. 
 "UBS has managed to turn around." 
 UBS is both huge - it was the biggest asset manager in the world until recently - and has been struggling from one scandal to the next for years. 
 UBS knows that its clients are looking for - security. 
 UBS needs a vision. 
 UBS therefore more or less admitted having been an accessory to tax evasion. 
 UBS wanted to get to the very top of the league. 
 "UBS was buying as late as the summer of 2007 when the US housing market was in flames," says banking expert Geiger. 
 UK's Choirs Will Sing at the Students for Velvet Concert 
 Ultimately it comes down to taste - it comes down to trying to expose yourself to the best stuff humans have done, and then trying to bring those things in to what you're doing. 
 UNAM asphalt would avoid potholes 
 Underlying the pressure on Monti to hurry, the instable markets put the yield of the Italian BTP bonds to 10-year above 7 percent, the level at which Greece and Ireland were forced to be rescued. 
 Unemployment in Sinaloa during the year is multi-factorial, for the economist Gerardo Lopez Cervantes, director at the Faculty of Economics and Social Sciences of the UAS, the growth of unemployment can be explained indirectly, depending on the actions that the public policy has been taken. 
 "Unfortunately, regulations that were not as perfect as we all thought were passed at the general meeting in June." 
 Universal suffrage, in order to be the sine qua non of democracy, is not enough and can actually become a "tool of oppression" as once said the republican philosopher Etienne Vacherot. 
 Unknown assailants robbed and seriously injured a 40-year-old man on Friday evening in Berlin-Mitte. 
 Unknown persons set rubbish bins on fire in a back yard in Wedding on Friday night. 
 Unless the followers of the Sharia law put a stop to that. 
 Unskilled immigrants work in sectors, which do not attract local labour and the most highly skilled ones in dynamic sectors where training does is not linked to offers of employment. 
 Until 1989, only five state travel agencies were allowed in the former Czechoslovakia: Čedok, Sporturist, CKM, Rekrea, and Autoturist. 
 Until now, the major American investor, Warren Buffett, had always claimed not to invest in IT and computing companies, as it was difficult to forecast the long-term development. 
 Us two, we didn't know much, but we could build a little thing that could control a giant thing - it was an incredible lesson, and I don't think there would have ever been Apple without it. 
 Vallejo appears to have only narrowly edged out Calderon, who had led polls before election day. 
 Vallejo, former mayor of the state capital of Morelia, denied ties to drug traffickers and urged the other candidates to accept the results. 
 Various features unlock fir getting a higher driver level: starting with cars and ending with profile backgrounds. 
 Vicenová further focused on the agenda crucial for the EU in the past, present, and near future. 
 Videos aired by ABC show that music played a central role in Giffords's recovery: The congresswoman is seen singing along with therapists to Cyndi Lauper's "Girls Just Wanna Have Fun" and Tom Petty's "Free Fallin." " 
 View Ahead 
 Viewing the tour, one can say that you have been making great shows with lots of songs. 
 Visual flight: 
 V Need for Speed: The Run takes place across America. 
 Voices are coming from Germany, suggesting that ECB be the last resort creditor. 
 War floods these people's lives like a natural catastrophe, a Hurricane Katrina that reeks of cordite. 
 Warren Buffett pumps 10 billion into IBM 
 Water surface doubles architecture 
 Watson led the company until 1952. 
 We all love each other and love making music. 
 We also know that if you are perceived as a wrongdoer, others will feel less guilt in lying to you. 
 "We are all in this together." 
 We are all very close friends and, thanks to this, there have also been opened musical avenues that give each the freedom to experiment. 
 "We are counting on a worldwide sale of 80 to 120 million units in 2012, explains Marc Bertin, president of Eurosmart. 
 "We are expecting a very close match, but we are convinced that we can win, declared the Portuguese trainer aged 42. 
 We are good friends of the people of Soundgarden, Mudhoney and Alice in Chains. 
 "We are now on around 3%," says Pierre Blanc, director-general of the Agefiph, the organisation responsible for collecting contributions from companies which do not observe this law. 
 "We aren't victims at all," said Brig. Gen. Sean B. MacFarland, who commanded troops in Iraq and will soon leave for Afghanistan. 
 We are proud and honored to be part of the Seattle group. 
 "We are staunchly opposed to this draconian action," the senators said in a joint statement Monday afternoon when they released Panetta's letter. 
 Weather Conditions: 
 We believe that this government is the last chance for Italy to get out of this emergency situation. 
 Weber is to advise the bank from February 2012. 
 "We continue to have a 50% chance of being at Euro 2012," even under the successor of Carlos Queiroz. 
 We count our blessings and we are very excited that we can continue making music together. 
 Wednesday there will be formed the new Italian government 
 We do not go so far as to say that there was connivance between them, but the image is symbolic. 
 "We don't sleep together, and I don't care where she goes, with whom, and if she has a boyfriend. 
 "We finished the match with just one experienced player, the rest were young men." 
 We had a few wonderful shows in Sao Paulo and we hope that this has put us in shape for this concert in Costa Rica. 
 "We have both countries inside and outside the Eurozone." 
 "We have monumental challenges and we have to sustain a high level of growth." 
 We have nothing to gain from demanding a succession of national referendums organised as required and in a confused sequence. 
 "We have Schengen area, and we already have an institute of reinforced cooperation." 
 "We just crossed each others path." 
 We may therefore expect that even if another crisis comes, this flexible giant will manage. 
 We must consider their current appearance, their fashion style, and figure type. 
 We must construct a Europe integrated on economic level. 
 We must cut the clothes out of magazines or find them on the Internet and print and graphically process them. 
 We must launch a new stage of European construction. 
 We must therefore take that into consideration when creating an outfit. 
 "We now want to scale our operations," McDermott said. 
 "We often had to find a material that was good, cheap and met with the approval of the monument authority," says Krischanitz, pointing to the rough flooring in the basement. 
 We participated in a shooting, served Islam, and our politicians got rid of a dictator, their political ally, without any guarantee of profit. 
 "We realized that it wasn't that difficult to get to them at all," says Jamie Bartlett, the lead author of a recently published report on European digital populism by British think tank DEMOS. 
 We see that the peak of the Spanish selection is the goalkeeper Iker Casillas, who last Saturday against England (game lost with 0-1 in London) equaled the record of the ex goalkeeper Andoni Zubizarreta, with 126 international matches. 
 "We should have made the game simpler, moving the puck out of our zone." 
 We take care of not being too much on tour because it is easy to fall into this game of big crowds and people who love your music. 
 "Wet dishtowels do not belong on the floor." 
 We trust each other with the music of each and this could not be better. 
 We've always been shameless about stealing great ideas. 
 "We've found a way to identify kids at risk who would not otherwise be diagnosed." 
 We were a band for almost three years and never released an album until after the death of Andy (Andrew Woods). 
 We were curious to see the sections where the main character gets out of the car and runs. 
 "We were young and what we learned was that we could build something ourselves that could control billions of dollars of infrastructure around the world." 
 "We will create more research and development facilities and hire thousands of people," Bill McDermott, co-chief executive of SAP, said in a statement at a consumer show in Peking. 
 "We will not vote in favour of new measures," he said at a meeting with the deputies of his New Democracy party. 
 We will take their fingerprint and seek them in the database. 
 We will try to make the best show possible with a good variety of songs; we will try to play a couple of songs of each album and give our fans a good and diverse repertoire. 
 "We would also be forced to separate many of our civilian personnel involuntarily and, because the reduction would be imposed so quickly, we would almost certainly have to furlough civilians in order to meet the target." 
 "We would intervene as we did the last time, if we found excessive volatility in the rate of exchange of the yen, explained M. Noda to the Senate. 
 "We would not be able to save the UBS for a second time," says banking researcher Geiger. 
 What did the candidate of Valley lack to be the new Miss Colombia? 
 What electrician would recommend a EPR designed to function for sixty years, if the decline of its manufacture was programmed? 
 What have you planned for the presentation in Costa Rica? 
 What he has written here is an unusual book, one he describes, not inaccurately, as "a work of anti-history." 
 What is sick leave fraud ? 
 What is UBS? 
 What was missing? Because the result is the defeat of a big favorite who in each performance showed that she had everything to be the new Miss Colombia, not in vain she was elected Queen of the Police and Best Jolie Face of Vogue, titles that were obtained by queens as Taliana Vargas or Natalia Navarro, who took the crown of Miss Colombia. 
 "What you say on Facebook and what you do outside of Facebook are two completely different things," says Selwyn. 
 Wheelchair user hit by a car and seriously injured 
 When Darina Rychtářová provided shelter for Bartošová in her house in summer, she probably had not the slightest idea of what was going to happen to her marriage. 
 When the operation was finished the lock on the door was changed in order to prevent a repeat of the situation. 
 When the victim defended herself, he struck her hands and head with a truncheon. 
 When they appear there is used a paddle or tape to lift them. 
 When winners are sought for in Libya, the West is not on the list. 
 When you ask men to name some typical bad habits women have, they usually come up with all of them in an instant. 
 "When you talk about your service, you need to counter the negative impressions," Cancian recalled telling his sons. 
 Whether the Panetta letter and the fresh warnings from Senators will increase pressure for a budget compromise or step up calls to exempt the Pentagon from cuts remains to be seen. 
 While a small portion of Cringely's interview was used in Nerds, he says that the interview's master copies went missing in shipping. 
 While Breivik may have acted alone, he was far from alone in cyberspace: he had spent much of the time leading up to his attack at his computer, chatting with some of the millions of nationalists who support right-wing groups on social-networking sites. 
 While in 1990, with over a half share, it was the strongest hardware representative. 
 While Kevin Monk got the car, Roseanna Monk came down to the lobby of their Riverside Boulevard building with their luggage, carrying Genevieve. 
 While researchers have well-defined guidelines about how they collect their data offline, online it's a free-for-all. 
 While the world and Europe champions, number one in the monthly top of FIFA, have a long record of Class A inter selection, the Tricolor has only the defender Michael Umana as the only one who has 50 international games. 
 While until 1989, a holiday in the GDR or Bulgaria was the climax of our travels, last year, Czechs spent 4.5 million holidays in countries all over the world. 
 "While wartime funding in the Overseas Contingency Operations accounts is not directly affected by the sequester, war efforts would be adversely affected by the severe disruption in the base budgets," Panetta warned. 
 While women are still officially prohibited from serving in combat, that distinction is in name only: modern wars rarely have clear front lines. 
 Whilst Canada is placed 10th, the study notes that "the medicalisation of death in Canada has produced a culture in which people are afraid to tackle the subject of death. 
 Whilst Portugal dominated the match for over one hour, it was not able to reach this precious target, which would have consoled it. 
 "Who are the individuals who are in the position to eradicate the culture of retaliation? The top leadership." 
 Will Deutsche Bank stop trading agricultural commodities? 
 Will the new measure earn the full support of the Foreign Relations panel, or will it split lawmakers like the June bill did? 
 With about 220 billion dollars, based on market capitalisation, IBM has become the second largest technology company (Apple being number one) this year, overrunning Microsoft for the first time since 1996. 
 With a stronger currency, the products are more expensive abroad, a serious slap for a country whose economic line is determined by the health of large technological groups. 
 With bonhomie, Leekens recalled "pride." 
 Within days, Giffords uttered another word - "toast," a request for a change in her breakfast menu. 
 Within minutes of entering Lyman's room, the man came up from behind her, throwing her down and raping her, she alleges. 
 Within the first that come to my mind are Geezer Butler, John Entwistle, C.J. Ramone, John Doe, Paul McCartney, Chuck Dukowski ... 
 Without it, voting for the three candidates will not start. 
 Without the occupation, will the oil companies get Libya's black gold for next to nothing, though? 
 Without the surrounding area, the problem in the cities will not be solved, said Leer's mayor, Wolfgang Kellner. 
 With over 800 million active users adding an average of three pieces of content per day, the Facebook "data supernova" is generating a research boom, driving the number of academic papers with the site's name in the title up almost 800% over the past five years. 
 With peripheral risk subsidies launched and uncertainty reinstated in the parks, Greece is still entangled in the maze that leads to the exit of the great European debt crisis. 
 "With the new tensions about the yield of loans of Eurozone States in difficulties, the share markets worldwide contimue to lose a part of their recent gains." 
 With the result obtained last night in Cartagena, where Miss Atlantic won the crown and scepter, the department counts with 14 Princess titles and Melina joins the legion of women of Valley of Cauca who have been close to the crown but were proclaimed princesses, among them Miriam Ospina Benoit (1947), Clara Borrero Dominguez (1949), Patricia Bellini Ayala (1979), Lorena Álvarez (1981), Rose Mary Alzate (1983), Olga Maria Arenas (1987), Leila Blanque (1988), Monica Evers (1989), Maria Consuela Pinedo (1990), Diana Isabel Romero (1993), Giselle Aljure Garcés (2000), Catalina Giraldo (2007), Stephanie Garcés Aljure (2008). 
 With thirty interventions, Czech goalie, Ondřej Pavelec, helped Winnipeg's 5:2 victory over Tampa Bay. 
 With this new gasduct, 27,5 thousand million additional cubic metres of Russian gas will arrive every year in Western Europe via a first pipeline of 1 224 km linking the region of Saint Petersburg to the Land of Mecklemburg-Pomerania. 
 With this result, the constitutional controversy promoted by the Senate, was rejected for not meeting the qualified majority of eight votes for the Court to pronounce on the constitutionality or unconstitutionality of the decree, and this remains in force. 
 Woman critically injured after falling over in tram 
 Women can forget about emancipation; potential religious renegades will be executed; etc. 
 Working on only 30 days of credit, he had to figure out both the assembly and delivery of the finished devices. 
 Work to Do 
 "Wuffli, highly intellectual, modest, with a deep understanding of models and statistics, and Ospel, with gut instinct who had worked his way up from being a banker's apprentice." 
 Xabi Alonso follows them with 91, Fernando Torres, with 90, David Villa and Sergio Ramos, both with 81, Andres Iniesta, with 62, Cesc Fabregas, with 61, and David Silva, with 53. 
 Xavi Hernandez, the player of Barcelona, has 106 matches. 
 Xerox could have owned the entire computer industry. 
 Yes, four of us were together for 21 years and Matt (Cameron) joined us 13 years ago, which, by itself, is much longer than many bands lasted. 
 Yesterday, Crédit Agricole announced a test to run from next December to June in Caen. 
 Yet another important event of this period, symbolising our development after the revolution, came in 2008. 
 Yet another setback difficult to understand; is the situation from the last race in the story. 
 Yet breakfast is the core of proper daily diet. 
 "Yet, I don't see a point in transferring my shares in the Pilsen club hypocritically to someone else, while coming back there in six months, " Paclík says. 
 Yet the debit market is breaking records today. 
 You and your car get into a subway tunnel (let's say you do), where you speed down the tracks in the darkness (let's say you do). 
 You are introduced into a story, where the main character, Jack, decides to solve some personal issues by participating in an illegal race across America. 
 "You can't treat a problem if you can't diagnose it," Dimitri Christakis, Moreno's co-author and director of the Center for Child Health, Behavior and Development at the Seattle Children's Research Institute, told the Washington Post. 
 You'd better know if someone normally taps their foot all the time so you don't make unjust accusations when you see foot-tapping in the middle of the meeting. 
 "You'd have to go through the party and they would never allow you access," says Bartlett. 
 You do? 
 You get in the car on the west coast, in San Francisco, and your task is to be the first one to reach New York. 
 You have a monopoly of the market share, so the company's not more successful. 
 You have to keep 5,000 things in your brain - these concepts - fitting them all together... 
 You have to watch out for gas stations along the way, as that is where you car may change despite the fact that in most of the cases the one you have is fully sufficient. 
 You learn a lot about the subtleties of it. 
 You must not touch the shoes with the scissors, to avoid any damage. 
 Your relationship to the word fame has not been easy; but thanks to your success, you have been able to do whatever you wanted. 
 Your speedometer shows numbers from 150 to 200 km/h (let's say it does), when suddenly, a subway train comes running down from behind you, turning your car into a pile of scrap metal. 
 "You sometimes feel such things," explained Jágr, after whose action Giroux scored a goal on the first Flyers" shot. 
 You've just been beat up. 
 You will definitely not regret the investment, as perfectly fitting clothes are priceless. 
 "You will realise this during the matches to come. Including that against France. 
